Ilya Masodov

The Dark of Your Eyes
The Cat's Heart

The fifth angel sounded his trumpet, 
and I saw a star 
that had fallen from the sky to the earth. 
The star was given the key to the shaft of the Abyss.

Revelation 9.1

Sonya sits on a bench in front of the parade, folding her child's hands on her knees and staring right in front of her in the dark of the bushes. Not that she sees something invisible to an ordinary person, not that she's dreaming of something big and cold like a coal iceberg, Sona is a fantasy, because she doesn't believe in the coming of the future.

Sonya sits on a stone in front of the parade, putting her child's hands on his knees and looking straight before herself in the darkness of cows. Not that she sees something invisible to the ordinary man, and not that she dreams of something, big and cold like a coal iceberg, Sonya strangers dreams because she doesn't believe in the coming of the future. Right from her rises the dark straight corner of a sixteen-storey house, blocked by yellow windows, the house in which her dark childhood passed, full of loneliness and tears. Childhood, oh, what horror is now coming up from his bottom.

The dream can’t live. the dream doesn’t come to her anymore to calm her cold heart, to let down the shadows of the centuries, to solve at least part of the time in the warm forgotten summer nights of a quiet rural apple garden. Sonny’s insomnia is a huge star wind that starts from her chest and turns her from man into a cosmic element that doesn’t need rest. Sonny’s way leads to the past, and her legs rarely touch the earth.

The sony raises his hands from his knees, raises them to his face and raises his white hair, looking in the mirror of the star-wrapped autumn sky. The Sony's legs covered from the middle of the beather only with black clothes, glazed with the unpleasant wind. They are tightly pressed to each other, probably for the purpose of equal distribution of cold and entropy. Through the open window, where the light is swallowed, the radio plays.

The wooden door of the parade, on which a piece of white rubber is written, the semi-stressed name of the LOVE+ seems not at all adapted to the opening, but made simply to see the possibility of going out or entering. Its shrinked edges grown out of the under-colored legs into a puppy, the handle has long been destroyed, and at the level of the human face in a double fener broke the wrong form of a hole, apparently cats, birds or other targeted beasts broke through a false place to themselves the real way.

Mimo Sonny slowly passes the car, wrapping the cows with lemon blood light. It stops at the neighboring house and is shut down. No one goes out of its shrimped ice wind body, the driver's head calmly falls down on the drive. Sonya rises from its place and moves along the cows along the line, close to the euklide straight, asphalt unpleasantly cells through the sensual tissue of her legs, left shoes, so Sonya regrets the untouched rain.

Her icers blink over the evening hole, illuminated by the strange faces of the lust, she passes the second window, stops and looks into the empty burned window, as if she sees on a pure stuctured wall whose kitchen a monster mucus. Under a material corner of about 30 degrees to the wall of the house, a grey cat, from whose color is specially selected for the life of stone courts and roze carnizes, the hunt of mice ghosts in the labyrinths of the floods and the exhibition harmony with the thick summer cracks of spacious The roof.

From the place where Sonya is now standing, you can see a tree growing on the other side of the house, a half-blown castle, remembering the time when there was no concrete horror around it, but was grown by the hills and a few rural houses, even visible after the climbing of the branches of the grew. In this castle there are two duples, one almost at the very root, in which Sonya's boys of childhood burned fire and exploded piston, the second a meter above the human growth, where Sonya hidden once the doll found by her. In the sandbox, masking her blue eyes with leaves, but the light of these eyes penetrated through the leaves and the unknown thief drove Sonino's treasure into the dark depths of foreign entrances, where it smelled with old books and dried meat and where strange people were met, not living together with Sonya the whole life.

Sonia comes out of the pocket a small scratch and slowly scratches her white hair, without thinking of hurry. A young pair appears from the corner of the house, a girl leads a wheel, a thick scratched hair is equipped with a red lamp that illuminates her evening way. The wind closes to the face of thin spots, the eye is unseen, the man is strict and sturdy. They scratches to the street, full of noise topols, through the roots of which the wind carries up the room of uncolored beings so unlike to people. Sonia slowly closes to the face of thin spots, the eye is unseen, the man is strict and sturdy. It tightenes its white hair, and the wind makes its work endless, splating them again. Between Sonya and the wind it feels interconnection, probably because they are both aliens from another time.

After completing his unfruitful work, Sonya saves the grid back into the pocket and continues to move along the line of cows, reaches the corner of the house and sees another house, dark and unbuilt, from which the lifting cranes, similar to the shadow of something terrible, and through which people walk in building helmets and the rays of projectors move. Before the entrance of the house, concrete balls, like the columns of an ancient temple, and the dirty self-suffering hair illuminates the farms of the unformed wall before it. Sonya thinks first about the strange eyes of the machines exhausting the light instead of capturing it, then about the souls of the unborn people living in the sleepy pieces of rubber and building waste rooms, and finally about the burned concrete dust and alcohol purge of Satan's faces of the builders, men in yellow helmets and women in colorful shells, who, without knowing any architectural plan and the necessary amount of rubber, build over the night huge structures of human memory from space matter of dreams. Like vampires, They slowly move along the shots of the lifting cranes, screaming something in the ununderstood mother tongue of the dead, their construction has no end and grows like the Babylonian malicious tower, struggling to reach a cold hole of clouds.

Through the scratch falling into raw dirt, Sonya enters the enormous rubber gates and finds itself on a sandy square dispersed by the wheels of the self-sweaters, at the foot of the concrete columns penetrated by the rubber spots, by which the magic of the dead attachs the substance of concrete. On the edge of the square, on the sandy shell dirt a handful of the melted glass wheels, resembling the broken body of the nasorogue. The voice like this is inserted into the crossroads of crane chains and metallic traces around the edge of concrete plates, projector folds, tensioned by the power of the wind. It flies into the square eyebrows of the untouched windows, and the stars of their death see the ghost of the crane, the untouched wind into the depths of the stone rising from the earth, the great depths of the star sky above the head. The lavina of the penetrating screams is distributed in response, the faces are distorted by the pain that is not measured by the living, the pieces of crane and the sharp crafts, poisoned by the construction With a solution, they fly from above to Sonya, the sand explosions surround her. Sonya removes the hair from the whiskey and in this place immediately falls a quarter of the rubber, broken by the hands of the fourteenth Christ—Christ the Builders and the Carbon Copes. Sonya falls back, breaking the hands, and the galaxy rivers accelerate its flow, washing her face with ice water, transparent fish, filled with lifted grapes of light, kissing her into the naked body, and all fourteen eight wind directions, of which only four are known to humans, open before her, and She sees the answer to her question.

It sees a geometric field covered by a black marble, enormous as an empty airport, and in the middle of it the four-grown black glass pyramid, in the branches of which steps are cut out, and twelve beautiful comsomolks standing in the symmetrically correct places, with foquets, folded hair and comsomol signs on black clothes to the knees, and the forest of mirror antracite trees, and falling between the stems of snow, sweeping the hair of countless rows of pioneers giving eternal saluts, and three black lakes, From the surface of which the tomb cloud rises, and the black tower between them, which is reflected in the mirror hunger of the subterranean liquid of the sun's fire, and the sun itself, hanging in the middle of the black star sky, burning with the tongues of the flame over the edges, but not giving light to the earth.

She hears the sound of the subterranean trains carrying in untouchable darkness, the closed soil from the eyes, where it vibrates the cross-crossing flow of the cages, transforming the news into salt, the stone into bread, the tree into the human body. She reminds hidden in a solid space, full of wheat gardens, white cubes and flowering fields, unavailable to the organes of vision, because the light immediately disappears in the mysterious cool space of their existence, she reminds the trace of the one who is looking for, the subterranean look of his contemplated eyes, and it again It covers the desire to see his face.

The builders shake Sonya from the left side of the building, if it becomes the back to the main entrance, under the bottom of the hole, opened for the setting of the next concrete slope for the foundation of the future building. The Sonya's virgin child body must strengthen the building and sanctify the chosen place, in accordance with the ancient custom of the builders and carbonists, in whose crimes the unconscious generally accused the Jews. One of the works wants to explore the face of the girl as a master, in order to greater conspiracy, however, considering that it is unlikely Whoever sits, and personally before it sits, is buried so, and one of the builders, who also has children, even pushes Sonya the old rooted building wardrobe, which was used to scare the wounds from the cats with the wraping smoke, and turns Sonya's head toward the rise of the sun, not for religious reasons, but so that the sand into the nose of the attacker, otherwise the blood no one has been wrapped, and the crawler, whose face was not to be scattered under the hat, simply flows into Sonya, targeted in the face, but does not fall and the evil is wrapped, The girl is already stunned.

The work on the building stops about two hours in the night, about a half hour after that the builders burn a living cat swallowed to their wire and drink the yellow-musted liquid from a three-litre bank, spilling it into metal circles, telling different stories, smoking and eating colbass. Then they break through the wagons, where they engage in very gross group sex, torture their women, who are much less than men. At this time, being beyond the perception of man because he then Whether she's still sleeping or already dying, Sonya is picked out of a sand hole and washes her face into a foam formed by the inequality of a concrete piece. She removes the dirty clothes and throws her hands and legs, throwing the clothes with water. She throws blood from her face and throws her hair on a broken hole. Sitting on a concrete, she throws the sand out of her hair and throws it out of her mouth. Sonya does not feel anger and does not carefully listen to the strikes into the iron walls of the wagons and the blessed crying filled with the penises of drunk babies.

Through throwing the scratched shells into the bank from under the paint, Sonya throws the shells in his knees and the shells in his arms and thinks about the transition of the present into the past and the mysterious desire of God marked in her dreamed eternal book with the letter Ъ. She depicts herself God in its wooden form, which seems to her terrible and anxious. Geometrically God has no main direction because it grows from none to none. Prejudying the everywhere that is based only on human understanding, Sonya localizes God The mortality of God is not questionable, and in the future he has long died, but in the past, created by him as a hostage for living beings, he cannot be saved from it. Sonya understood how the unknown force pursues to her unpassable wall of creation, where God himself and those who control them will break her living body into blood fat with hair.

A handful of glass on the building site slowly disappears and the wind carries a weak smell of smell in the darkness of the endless night fields. The sonia sprinks from the plate, the booth approaches the burned cat, swallowed to its own and heats the swallowed legs in a warm ground. The stars drain from the wind, like steel toys, and on the roof of the house lies made of a dry white stone of the moon.

With a sharp rubber iron Sonya enters the dark wagon, inside which sleeps big smelling then people, broken hands with thick from continuous work with concrete fingers, sees in the triangle of the projector light a bright man's face with an open sinking mouth, filling himself with a light spot and of what seems even more, with both hands he lifts the iron and with force hits the sleeping man in the eye. The man drinks the whole body, scripts his feet on the bed and moves his head, turning his neck, his mouth When Sonya acknowledges that the man is already dead, she throws the brain-packed iron out of the head and sits on a cortex before the second man sleeping in a sitting position near the wall, his pants are stretched and a thick sosy-like member raises from the width. When Sonya realizes that the man is already dead, she throws the brain-packed iron out of the head and sits on a cortex before the second man sleeping in a sitting position near the wall, his pants are stretched and a thick sosy-like member raises from the width. Dreaming the same schoolchildren playing in a half-dark apartment with flowers and other objects of the dead nature, when Sonya puts a roze sharp to his eye and with a swinging breath puts it inside. The man's thumb immediately strongly goes forward, as if he sought to the underlying body of the woman, jumping on his feet, throwing Sonya to the bed and throwing by the force of the dressed, as in a large horned cattle, with a neck from her hands a iron, throwing to the opposite wall of the wagon and, striking on her, throwing on the side, it dissolves the door with the shoulder and falls down on a short staircase, left in the foam of the earth.

Without worrying more about his fate, Sonya finds on the table a topor for the rubber of a cowboy and, using it instead of a iron, kills a half-wake young woman with a beautiful and thirsty face, trying blindly to protect the braceleted hands of the dead fertilized abdomen, while Sonya bits her just on her head and kills her for the second time. Feeling the female body up, Sonya throws the woman's neck and slowly sows flowing blood, falling to the vivid body with the abdomen and breast, and so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so. It sleeps and tuns in a dream with a face in enormous liquid flowers filled with non-terrestrial paintings of paradise gardens.

Even in the dark, she wakes up and leaves her iron double, walking instead of a staircase straight through the tremendous staircase of the body, whose face is stumbled into dirt. Everything around sleeps, surrounded by immobility, and the hard time slowly immerses into its untouched shadows, and the moon, enjoying loneliness, turns to the ground its terrible back face. Sonya enters the unbuilt house and, recognizing every step and every object abandoned by the builders, rises to the upper floor. The projectors do not penetrate here, and the Sonny's shoulder sometimes touches the hole and burning hair riding on the walls of invisible beasts. Somewhere in the approaching black height is water flowing, these stars pass through the boundary of God's power and escalate to eternity. The rooms of the last floor have no roofs and in the middle of one of them glowes at the moon a large hole, in which Sonny is washed and swallowed the smell of blood mouth. From the window you can see naked with naked trees, swallowed in the water by lamps and rare cars. territory of the courts.

Sonia becomes in the window stream and indifferently looks down, on the mountain of sand and rotating under the corner of the excavator. Going forward, it flies a few meters and falls with both legs on a thick metal trail, strengthening the lifting trail to the wall of the house. A few seconds it gains balance, laying hands on the sides and balancing on the vibrating trail, the poisonous tissue of the rubber burns the naked legs. Finally, the trail and the Sonia body stops any vertical movement and, by enclosing the one-dimensional space, Sonya easily climbs the trail to the staircase of the crane, which leaves to the cabin and is chosen on the wind-rushed shell. Here Sonya needs accuracy, and standing on the end of the shell near the wheel, covered by the smelling machine oil with the crane trail, she long calculates the distance until she finally flows to the crane of the ninth floor of the neighboring house. The flight is not easy for her, and she long fights with the wind, scattering on a cold flat wall flowing through transparent night air before she succeeds. Here, climbing in a old flat chair covered with a roasted coat, Sonya awaits the next night to continue her path.

In the apartment, which belongs to the balcony she has chosen for the nest, live the old man and the old man, both drown and sick, only the old man can still go out, and therefore he purchases in the store of bread, kefir and vermischel, from which the old man then prepares a uniform food. The life of the old man goes almost without sound, and the morning clock fills Sleep with rest. She sees how the thieves run on the roofs and completely does not pay attention to how doctors and police officers down cover the colorful mole of the bodies of the lost builders, They cover them with clothes, record something in the blocknotes, smoke poisoned cigarettes and eventually go toward the wind, possibly hoping to find the Sonia there.

The autumn sun rises into the blue cold sky, like a living being shining with a blind flame, preparing to jump down. Sonya closes her eyes and sees a huge olf, hanged by bright, uncolored electric flames, feels the smell of a warmed smoothie and lies on the candles with New Year's Gifts. From the window opened into the lazery sky, Santa Claus enters in her red clothes with a white shirt and with a melted top on the belt. He approaches the standing side of the Snowflower and lifts her over the hair. She no longer screams, but only screams in the hysterics with her broken mouth, and then from the mouth of Santa Claus there begins with a scream to steak something butt, causing Santa Claus vomiting spasms, but the hands of Santa Claus strongly stretch her head to the wall until the nose of Santa Claus begins to throw blood. She no longer screams, but only screams in the hysterics with her broken mouth, and then from the nose of Santa Claus there begins with a scream to steak something butt, causing Santa Claus vomiting spasms, but the hands of Santa Claus strongly stretches her head to the hair back, and she speaks and falls down to the middle, continuing The Santa Claus removes the hat and everyone sees that he has a chicken head. The children become scary and they flee, only Sonya remains, who approaches the Santa Claus and drags him for his arms, asking for a gift. But the Santa Claus only looks at her with a chicken head and laughing.

Opening his eyes, Sonya sees an old man coming out to the balcony in search of a bank with dried garlics that the old man himself had eaten about two years ago. Instead of garlics he found Sonya and somewhat surprised because he forgot how she got to him on the balcony.

“My name is Sonya, Sonya Pavlovna,” says Sonya, picking out of the chair.

“The store with kefir was closed,” the old man hardly answered, turning to the balcony door and starting to go back to the room.

“It’s good,” Sonya encourages him.

The Soviet authority! - the old man closes the balcony behind Sonya. - The soup and we buy. - Now we will cook it from kefir.

“It’s okay,” says Sonya again, swallowing her legs on the dried hair, dust and cracks of the floor.

Without listening to the question, the old man looks at Sonny in the mouth with sliding eyes, as Santa Claus looked at the mouth of Snowflower in Sonny's dream, now Sonny understands why.

After a while, the old man and Sonya drink tea in a small, shattered and dirty kitchen with a burned clay on the table and a blurred rope, where a smellful slope lies. The cat walks around the Sonny's legs asking for food, and Sonya understands that she's just eating crabs.

What do you eat? - What do you eat? - What do you eat? - What do you eat?

What they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat, what they eat.

Sonya takes a stinking bubble, on the side of which the frogs are seen, like the footprints of ancient popcorns on sprinkled earth stones and puts it next to a glass of blank sugar-free tea.

- What do you do, grandmother, remember Lenin? - she asks, looking in the dirty window.

I have never seen Lenin alive, he has died before me.

Why did he die?

I’m sick and I’m going to die. I’m sick and I’m going to die. I’m sick and I’m going to die.

“I don’t believe that Lenin is dead,” says Sonya, looking into the window and scratching the nail clay. – That’s what you, grandmother, wrote in the newspaper.

“I’m sleeping, dear, I’m sleeping, I’m a horse, I’m breathing, I’m breathing, I’m breathing, I’m breathing, I’m breathing, I’m breathing.

“Your old man, of course, will breathe,” says Sonya, “and Lenin will be alive forever.

You, the girl, have not been a pioneer, the old man is surprised.

I was not able to take me into the commodity.

Where is your red head?

- Don't find me my head now. - Soon's clay is wicked. - I'd find Lenin.

And go to the Mausoleum, there is your Lenin and lies.

“You’re a old grandfather, but you’re saying stupidities.God can eat you for such stupidities.

“God will not eat me, I don’t believe in him.There would be God, I would not allow him to cook the kefir soup.Here, my old man, she believes in God, he will also eat it.

“You’re wrong, grandfather, you’re reasoning,” Sonya patiently explains. – Everything will be completely different. – Not God will eat your old man, but your old man will eat you when he dies. – And about Lenin you’re wrong, he’s not dead at all, but he’s alive until now, but you’ve not seen him.

I went to him, he carried a butter in the pocket, and from him the poison smells like from a scratch to a museum, the old man is angry and swallowing the smellful Soviet papyrus of Water.

“Lenin came up from the tomb and went away, and the artificial doll was placed in the tomb so that everyone thought he was dead,” says Sonya. “I know where the real Lenin is living, but I can’t find that place. There must be black lakes. They are deep like canyons, because they are holes in the earth. And still there the forest is stone like a mirror, and the snow comes. You don’t know, grandfather, such a place?

“There’s no such place on the ground, and you, a child, have to make injections in the backdrop. My old sister also went to the clinic before, and now he can’t walk.

And your old man, as you call her, doesn’t know where Lenin lives, or is he just pretending?

Who told you about Lenin?

And you, grandfather, quickly forgot Lenin.

It’s hard to remember, I’m old.

“And he remembers you, though he’s over a hundred years old. he sees how you eat bread here with kefir. and you don’t see it. even the portrait of him you don’t have. you, grandfather, in all things you see, a old communist, but it’s no matter what. because in communism you don’t believe and never believed.

“You’re your own,” says the old man, slowly smoking papyrus with nodular vein fingers. – I’d kill you.

I will take the cat from you, yet you can no way feed it, and if you want, I can even buy it. – Sonya throws out of the loud pocket packed with cement a cup of money and puts it on the table.

“You can see the cat on the soap,” the old man hardly says, and in his eyes there is an impotent sadness.

The sony moves the chair back, takes the cat and goes through the corridor to the bedroom, where in the chair the sick old man sits looking in the window. next to the chair on the chair are her glasses and a complex newspaper.

“Hello, grandmother,” says Sonya, puts the cat on the floor and, coming back to the chair, takes a plate on the comodique and gently puts his old man through his head on his neck. The old man’s father’s face is flowing with blood, she’s swallowing with the mouth missing air. Sonya looks carefully to the side in her broken eyes. – Well, grandmother, you see the black lakes? – asks Sonya and releases a plate for which the old man strangely tries to catch with his hands.

“Hello, she’s shameless, she’s shameless.

— And the forest is stone? — again delaying the marriage, Sonya knees to the chair to gain additional support. The old man crossing the roots and thinks only about his death. When Sonya releases again, the old man’s brain, immersed with painful black blood, no longer wants to restore contact with the rest of the organs.

The old man says his last words. His hands fall on the stomach. Sonya pulls out a plate from the bottom of her swallowed head and returns it to the comedy. Clinging to the face of the old man, Sonya slightly stretches her open toothless mouth and flows into it. Then she catches the cat, approaches the window, takes it to the subcutaneous and, opening the fortress, throws the cat from the ninth floor. After doing this, Sonya closes the fortress and leaves the apartment, noticing that the old man still sits in the kitchen on the same He smokes papyrus.

The old man does not hear her, immersed in memories of his youth and light communism.

After falling down on the lift, Sonya finds the body of a cat broken when it falls on the asphalt, from whose patch blood flows and the skin on the stomach is broken. Sitting around him on his knees, Sonya takes out the heart of the cat and bite it from the vessels. Then she hides the heart into the mouth and goes through the sunny cold courts to the side where if you go very long, you will get to the northern sea.

Oil Lakes

And if anyone wants to offend them, the fire will come out of their mouths and eat their enemies; and if anyone wants to offend them, he must be killed.

of 11.5

Natasha's father was a builder, and the mother of a nursing. When Natasha was nine years old, his father stumbled his stomach, stumbled a stone on the building and died in the hospital. At the father's funerals there was a few people, but on the wet black asphalt and the stairs of the parade broke the broken flowers. Natasha thought they were presented to his mother and, gathering the flowers in the evening with a cardboard box, put them in the kitchen. But mother thrown the flowers and soon married the second time for the prosecuted man who treated her all in the hospital. Natasha didn't like them. The new husband of her mother and refused to call him a father, because her mother had a strong hand on her face.

In the fourth class Natasha began to smoke, and in the fifth on the day of her co-student Viti - to live sexual life. However, Natasha's favorite lessons were to dance on discoteks and drink vodka. She was often drunk, instinctively seeking to understand the essence of things, and struggled with her friends, throwing them for her hair. After the eighth class she went to study in the construction PTU to build a house that she failed to build her father. In the PTU she made herself two abortions, and at its end she began to work on the construction. She suffered men only for bed, and in general she hated, and all men called her shrough. In the last night of her life, Natasha drunk strongly of a silk solution and allowed her employees, Dime and Tolika, to fertilize themselves in a long dulling slurry on the bed of a dark car. During fertilization, all three behaved like animals, rushed, rushed, battle with their heads into unlive objects, rushed with the mother and even broke the mother of Natasha. From it, Natasha remembered only the face of a beautiful white-shaped girl with a stable look, like the holes of the rubber, and the horror of death, which was swallowed into her head with her dirty bird legs.

Natasha lies naked on a ice table covered with her head with a cellophane cover. On the cover she passes through the other. Somewhere from above a terrible white lamp lights. Natasha thinks she’s already on that light. The unhuman ice stands before her like a church with a lot of clocks carrying up. Natasha’s lips begin to shed, remembering the sins she committed. From her confession she begins to be very disgusting. The strong hands of whom catch Natasha under the mouse and for the legs, tasting from the lamp in the dark, put on the cold life. iron and covers it.

- What about the bride? - asks the crying man's voice. - We're not going to warm up, it's not almost overwhelmed.

- But it's time for a long time, - answered him a younger voice. - Without a spring, what a girl. - And cold, a creature!

- Yes, this is not one of those heating, - laughs the elderly. - Maybe we're lying together?

- You know that I will not bear it, - says the young man. - First I, and then you will become her body a scalp, but you can't without it, so that the body is not a scalp.

What kind of sex without a scalpel, the elderly agrees and hears how slowly he goes away, swallowing and crushing his shoes about the dirty linoleum.

The young man, taking the heavy from death body of Natasha for the scratch, pushes her with the stomach to the edge of the table and leaves her legs to the floor. Then, removing the pants, he falls on Natasha's back, quietly calling her with this Ludmila. Suddenly turning, Natasha catches him for the throat and begins to breath. He tries to push her away from himself, but she several times, looking at him in the eyes, with the scratch beat him with its cold and wet from the evaporated inya's head into the carrier. From the man's nose, blood leaves, the rays fall under the centuries. He ceases to breathe, Natasha let him fall with his chest on the table, he tends and from hatred with a thickness he throws with a dark body mucus.

Near there is another table, on which lies covered by a multitude of darkened knife wounds a naked body of the old man who did not believe in Lenin's eternal life. After Sonny's departure, the old man was still sitting in the kitchen for a long time, and then went to the old man to remind him of how he was called twenty years ago. Something heavy fell on him in a dark corridor, crashed from his feet and became, chraping, grabbing his face with toothless sheets. Remembering Sonny's words, the old man was scared and began to beat the dead old man on his head with his weak bullets. The old man pulled a knife out of the kitchen and eaten the old man raw, remembering the forgotten taste of meat, then went out with a knife and a piece of blood in the teeth to the balcony and passed through the peril, thinking he could fly, but fell and broke his head, thus finding eternal peace.

Natasha removes the dead man's sweater and wears it on herself. The shoes dressed against her, and she naked below the belt stretches the man for his hair into the refrigerator and breaks a ball of the white lamp. Choosing three men's bodies, one female and one boy's bodies, Natasha, undergoing an uncomprehensible trait, leaves them his vomiting from the mouth to the mouth, picking with his feet on the roofs. When a fellow of the killed comes, lighting in front of himself with a lamp, Natasha does not allow him to light the emergency light, but attacks him behind and, covering him with one hand The man from this falls with a loud war of a monkey on the floor, throwing the lamp, and Natasha with all the strength hits his foot on his head until with a short crust he turns his neck.

At five a.m. in the courtyard, a group of six dead men of both sexes appears, a high-layer man armed with a top, and a young woman in the slider, in which it's hard to find Natasha, holds in his hands a metal tape to push the bodies, swallowed at the end in a sharp hake. The second woman, with a burning on the face, is cornered in the dark color of the flies, and the coming last man is strongly crumbling because he has no piece of foot. They are taken into the microbus salon, performing the role of a cathal, with a chromium. Sitting behind the driver, and Natasha on the front seat next, and traveling in the direction of a long-stop environmental poisoning chemical factory located on the northern edge of the city. They walk through empty streets in darkness, the driver clearly follows the mark lines, not attached by the safety belt Natasha sits relaxed, leaving back on the back of the chair, and invisibly looking at the blinking lights.

Everything that happens seems strange to Natasha, but it doesn't scare her, probably because she doesn't believe in her death, not finding her causes. Lenivo lifting her hand, she touches a wound on her head, swallowing her fingers. Behind it begins to carry a cry of one of the resurrected Natasha men, who, swallowing half on the dirty floor of a micro-bus, curts from the eating of his dirty intestine pain.

- Stay, - says Natasha to the driver and the bus brakes at the edge of an empty prospect. On the trail goes, honoured, a narrow man in a stretched jacket. Natasha takes his palm, with the other hand a wire from the foot and runs out on the rough red leaves of a square of raw land, where the clay grows. A man immediately notices a half-nude woman coming to him with a wire and a iron bag, poorly illuminated by the lights, the scene it doesn't like, but, explaining his action by an excessive dose of alcohol, he simply tries to see it. To escape into the depths of an unknown turtle. Accelerating the step, Natasha easily reaches her victim and hits her with a stick on her head. The man immediately falls, and Natasha thoroughly stretches his head with a stick of a stick. Feeling asphalt and putting the edge of the wire under a blood fountain, she slides and surrounds the eyes of the dark windows of the houses. The place where Natasha touches the killed, is in the distance from the nearest fountain, so even the wise at this time can't see the expressions of these eyes.

The first drunk from the wire the driver, contrary to the urch, then when the bus touches, Natasha stretches him into the salon. The woman, turning into the plade, throws blood into the conserve bank, the cloudy boy pulls his hand and turns with hatred, the rest with a dry choking drunk a slick man, and the one who turns on the floor can no longer take part in the meal, from his mouth falls something thick and smellful, like pieces of broken interior, and his rings are pushed into this disgusting material, passing Around six a.m. when it is already beginning to light hardly, the bus stops at the failed in many places of the concrete ceiling of the chemical plant.

Sonya came to the factory by foot, which took her a lot of time, but the time meant little for her, in addition she had to stay in one of the new microregions, through which she walked her way to kill in the parade returning from school a seventh-class student named Nadia, in order to conquer her with boots and cools, so that the boss was not so throw into the eyes. The boots were a little big Sonya, but they liked her in its shape and black color. The cools were bodily, which Sonya didn't like, in addition Nadia, however, was wearing a long school dress and the hole no one could see until she was alive. Sonia approached her near the elevator and, sharply capturing Nadia with both hands for her hair, strongly hit her head into the wall. In the elevator Sonia with a crust broke the neck of the schoolgirl lost consciousness, placed her on the floor and hit her foot into the submarine. Then she went to the upper floor, swallowed Nadia on the iron staircase on the roof, where between heaven and earth she took her boots and boots, She pulled out a black flormaster from the school ranch, broke out sheet leaflets and, writing on it in big letters with Nadine's letter: "I want to stay virgin forever. Nadia," she put him next to the body on a hard slurry of the roof.

After completing these sanctifications, Sonya went on the roof to the other side of the house, from where in her ordinary way she fled to the neighbor. In new boots it fled well. Moving further on the roofs of the same houses, as if created for such as Sonya, which, unlike birds, cannot fly up, she left very far from the place of her last crime, then she dropped down to the surface of the street and continued her way.

Without having a special need for a dream, Sonya still went to sleep at 6 a.m. on a high old lip, the waves in the branches of which stumbled in a large green-colored com, serving the end of the century as a nest of any wrath. Comfortably arranged on the curved coat, Sonya slept with open eyes, looking at the windows standing in front of the house, which in turn it burned, then healed, repeating in the accelerated rhythm the fate of the enormous lights of space. The wind with the shell carried on the asphalted earth unreaded nickel leaves Their sad, bleak and slightly stumbling light, illuminating the flat streets between the houses, the black courts with silhouettes of half-blowed trees, the rubbish boxes and broken boxes, on which no one was sitting from the cold except the cats, caused the sense of the infinity of death and loneliness, which Sonya so loved. These dark spaces in the lights of the houses reminded her of the stumbling ignorance, which covers the cold except the cats. In her childhood, when she walked to her girlfriend, looking at the star sky, jumping from the cold and thinking about the forgotten houses of gloves, about the beauty of the autumn clones seen behind the castle of the kindergarten, about the strange darkness of shadows falling in all sides of the world that she imagined the future, the unknownness of her Sonina, the fate. The wind, their incomprehensible dark life seemed to Son and her future life, she became scary, the small cracks of impotence gathered at her between the balls. In the parade, where a girlfriend lived, adults sat at night in the dark, the red flames of cigarettes circulated, the lovers lyzed each other open mouths with wet tongues, the guitar sounded and the odor of wine. Calling an elevator, Sonya pressed to the cracks of his doors, drunk, when somebody came down through her by the stairs, as if they could take her and take her up, On a dark staircase, to the dark sky, where these turtles live in their caves, cut out in the iceberg of time. One day a young man, sitting down the staircase, noticed Sonya and, staying next to her, asked her how she was called, and Sonya opened her name to him, painfully waiting for the elevator that she called to fall down, and the man silently laughed, giving Sonya the smell of wine, took her on his shoulders and kissed her to his forehead, and his lips burned Sonya with the cold of eternal forgiveness and turning underground churches. The devil loves her.

In the middle of the eighth Sonya swallowed the cat's heart, improved the moment when there was no one near the tree, dropped down and began to stick to the passing with the question where the meat shop is. Finally, a woman, a bank employee whose lips were painted with a violet butter and from whom it smelled strongly with spirits and shampoo, showed her the way, because she frequently visited the meat shop to buy garlic meat for her horrible children.

When Sonya entered the shop, there was no one except a man named Cole, and who, just seeing Sonya, immediately imagined her divided and laying on a separation table. Sonya approached the slope and began to look at the meat hanging on the wall behind him. She looked at the meat silently and carefully, as if it was about an object of visual art. Cole also silenced, placing his strong hands on the chest and carefully quartered in his imagination Sonya with a big meat knife, burning pieces of her body. The desire to divide, brutally rape, shake, destroy and burn the girl standing in front of him was so overwhelmed by the lenny bear creature of Kooli that he hardly suppressed in himself the break to catch in one hand, packed in the blood and the sal of a large beast, Sonina hair, and in the second - a tess and start his business.

Particularly, the Coli was given slowly swallowing on the blood clothes the live and beautiful eyes of the girls, they for some reason even forced him to slurry the slurry. In the rest he saw her body, hanged by the mouth on the cracks, scattered in front so that it was visible the blue respiratory organs leading from the thrown head to the lungs, the girl's hair was packed with a lip of red mass, and the remaining blood, already scattered, stains on Sonny's legs into the cracks on the floor.

— Tell me where the black lakes are here? — suddenly Sonya asked, and the heavy body of Kooli was shrinking. he stupidly stood down on Sonya, opening his mouth. — I need the black lakes. — Sonya clearly repeated, looking straight into his waterproof eyes.

In the past he thought that no one other than him knew about the black lakes, the untouched holes in the grass of the suburban tundra, where Cole dropped over the night out of the box his wicked pieces of bones and the interior of the dispersed children, filled with the harvested cow’s blood, which Cole tried to replace the blood of the small human beings that had flowed through him. He believed that in the black-touched stone towers in the middle of the lake live powerful demons loving his gifts that will give him. In exchange for power to be immortal.

- Man was eaten? - with a dark threat, Sonya asked. - A bulion from the ribs of children's cooking? - Was the liver of the first class with a potato?

Kola captured the topor from the table and swallowed it to Sonya in the head, but it did not fall, because Sonya turned back, and the topor hit the stone wall of the store, kicked out in the rubber a bullet size.

“I’m going to make your brains and your brains a fleet,” Kola swallowed and moved to Sonya with a knife, cutting her the way to the door, which he immediately closed on the wings.

But Sonya didn’t think to flee.

– It’s better to say, – she asks Coli. – And then I’ll make you a bit or kill you completely.

- My wife Lucia from one girl a week ago made the pearls, - stopped to remember Cole. - Very good pearls got out, they've just finished. and from you pearls will be unpleasant, on the cocktails you just go. or on the pearls farched. I as a child see, I immediately know what it's better to cook from it.

Kola wanted to move further, but it failed, because Sonya spent a third of the cat's soul to let him go from the mouth to the stomach a flame of fire thickness of a glass that burned Kola down and throwed out behind him a fountain of blood and cooked abdominal fat. Kola dropped the knife and fell on the back on the floor of the shop, holding his hands for the stomach.

- A-a, - carved Kola from pain and fear for his nuts.

— Well, where is the lake? — Sonya calmly repeated her initial question, tending over the distorted face of the locker. — If you say, I will heal you.

– Behind the city... in the fields... near the chemistry... – turning down, he tried to show the head of the direction of Kola.

On which side of the world? on the north?

Instead of answering, Cole began to swallow from side to side, continuing wildly.

“If you’re face to the rising sun,” Sonya slowly said. – So where to go?

– On the left, – raised Kola. – The overwhelmed grain of him gradually began to die.

to the north means.

Help me, girl, help me, girl, help me, girl, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me.

“But I’ll help you once I promised,” Sonya calmly answered.

Kola uncertainly took away from the rough blood hole in the stomach of the thickening hands. His eyes, descending due to pain, complaintly looked at the Sonya. She with force hit his foot into the unprotected bloodshed stomach. The blow hit with a short water sound the wire of the bloodshed from the wet compressed mesive on the stomach of Kola. The wave again caught the stomach and pushed the legs of Kola struck the walls of the meat shop.

- You will still breathe until the night - said Sonya, turning to the door. - You will not be eating man anymore.

With these words, Sonya lifted the wings and, coming out on the dark wind that hit her face, suddenly swallowed into the hole. Some of the people standing on the street followed her, but in the dark hole she saw no soul.

Only a deep night tired of the long way and the battle with the Sonya village finally reaches the chemistry. It rises in the midst of the dark autumn fields as a monster city of ancient times, falling into a breakthrough of the destroyed time. The star sky slows over the huge cylinders of gas warehouses and the ruins of the dead bodies. Sonya finds a failure in a hole, stretched through a series of cylinders, and penetrates into the inner courtyard. From the dark structures it smells of raw and some edge gas from which Sonya cries in the throat. She’s just getting to the dog’s body falling in the middle of the yard, half immersed in the sand, like a floating fish from under the ground. In the roofed tanks on rocky stands and a long three-storey building with broken steels in the windows, a solitary wind is throwing.

Parallelly to this building, another stretches, and by the passage between them, Sonya rises to the central square, on which stands an enclosed main building with the pipe going to the sky, enormous like a cathedral. Here the smell increases. Sonya sits on a rubber tube marked by sand, and begins to think.

As long as she thinks, a shadow appears from the main workshop and, staying next to the wall itself, goes to Son. This is the former PTU student number twelve Alexey, who once went to the main workshop to try his own hand-made mass defeat bomb, but, withdrawing, falling through the sliding mine into the basement and flying through the iron bar without a small thirty-seven meters, like Alice, moving to the land of miracles. The red army, running on the top of the Povlin's battle horse, from the strikes of the stone copies of which struck a thin ball of the night fields. The boy's brain brushed the walls and the floor at a significant distance from the place of his fall, and someone had to descend it, because into the poisoned stain could not even pass the rats adapted to the factory. Chemical substances fusioned into the underground for many years formed a hanging stain on the ground, reacting with the penetrating water, from which the poisoned gas-shaped The couples filled the whole building of the main branch, stealing with a poorly visible green cloud over the factory and adding to the outskirts of the city, from which the inhabitants of these outskirts often were born children without legs or hands, or even without heads. But on Alexey the poison had a beneficial effect, he after a few days lived, stood up, and for a long period of months scratched through the dark labyrinths of straw, feeding rats and insects. Then he eventually found a scratched door through which the workers-deathers had to go down for cleansing. The possible trombs in the slive system, went out to the underground floor of the chain and began to live there. Alexey killed the children who broke in the abandoned industrial zone, or far from the masters during a walk of domestic dogs, preserved them with poison and gradually eaten. One girl, killed by a turtle in the spring, Alexey swallowed to the place of her second birth, and soon she really rose up, indeed one hand she was still not listening, drowned and drowned to the half of the forearm, so instead it had to fall The wire to turn a piece of the swallowed rubber iron, but Alexey it was a little bit, and Tanya, as they called the girl, became a faithful friend of his life. With time, the older sister Tania - Luba joined them, which she was very troubled, and then Kostik, the former friend of Alexey, so they became four.

As long as Alexey is stolen to Son, Luba stumbles the underground rats at the second level of the main chain, sitting at the rubber bank, in which the blue fire burns, and the one-hand Tanya with the Costy went to the field to search for the falls. Standing a few meters from Sonny, Alexey pulls out of his half-stay jacket a piece of a chain with a hat on the end, which is going to threaten a girl sitting on the tube. Her eyes radiate in the dark some strange lighting, invisible to the ordinary man, from which Alexey becomes not by itself. A huge horror suddenly fills him, a horror before some unknown to him, but glacing blood with torture. He can’t imagine who and how will torture him, but from that he’s only even more scary. And then he understands that it’s the thoughts of Sonny that he hears thanks to the long exposure of poison as he heard sometimes the thoughts fleeing from him in the dark The rats.

Alexey cried out, the weapon came out of his hand. Cold comes into his destroyed body, as if he was immersed in a hole. And he again heard heavy, breaking the ground, the steps of a Paphelin horse with the scratches on the scratch, walking through the fields. Sonny's eyes approach him. He wants to scream, but can't.

“Hello, Alosh,” says Sonya. At the same time, Alexey continues to hear her thoughts, untranslated into words, he would not want to hear them, but it is frozen and can’t turn away. These are the sounds of a foreign language, the black points and lines on the brown tissue, the language that speaks the beings whose mother is death. Sonya smiles, and from this smile Alexey is so overwhelming that a dark treasure flows from his mouth with a thin strike.

“Go, fall,” he speaks with a foreign voice, hardly controlling the mouth muscles.

“Well, you’re angry, dear Alosh,” says Sonya, touching the hand of his dirty hair. – Don’t be angry, tell me better how you’re living here. What you’re doing here in the long cold nights, who your friends, dear Alosh, tell me, I want to know it.

- Chris Eats, - Alexey presses out of himself. - The dog eats.

So who is this girl, that there above the wall is a rat burning?

– Love. I threatened her. Gajka. Then she lived in the mine. And Tanku I threatened with a rubber. And Kostka we and Tanka threatened with a rubber. Then they lived in the mine too.

Who lives in the mine?

“Nobody,” says Alexey, and his lips from blue somehow become colored covered with a white slice.

So what do you think the bodies live?

Crane knows him.

“Go, let’s go to the rat and eat,” Sonya raises a hat from the ground and gives it to Alexey.

Soon Sonya, Alexey and Luba sit on the iron floor of the second floor of the main chain, open inside the building and eat burned rats, throwing the bones through the pearls to the first floor. Luba has no upper lips because she has broken.

- And then I gave him a hat on his head and killed him, - continued Alexey to tell. - And if he didn't hit and didn't fall, I would put him into the ground floor and kill him there.

“We’ve swallowed him for two weeks,” Luba adds, obsessing the dwarf bone.

“Then the police came, but we crossed the travelne.Nobody will go to the travelne.There you will breathe.The bone makes himself a self-shooter and shots out of it, and the gloves in the travelne for a night in the floor.Recently he killed such a healthy dog.

- And Tanki has a rubber poisonous, - again adds Luba. - She can throw it very gently, right on the tower.

“You live well here,” says Sonya, clocking on the wall of the chain with the back.

There is silence, which is interrupted only by the crushing craving of the seated near the fire of the edocks.

– And you’re who you’re going to be? – asks Alexey, who at the same time becomes bad.

“My name is Sonya.I came here from a distant countryside to find Lenin.

Where is this Lenin living?

The way to it lies through the fields over which the sun does not shine, through the stone forests and the black lakes.

- The lakes are black, it's here. - Luba resumes. - Here, near the factory. - Here, in the bank, their water burns.

Is there a tower in the middle of a lake?

- And the tower is. black and black. - Luba eats her rat and throws her hands on her dress. Sonya thoughtfully looks at her dirty naked legs stretched on the floor.

“Then the first terrible talisman must be buried near here,” she says with a missing voice.

- What is it? - she quietly asks Love, feeling that it's quite bad.

“But we must find him, my little friends,” Sonya tightened with the eyes of the boys that were frozen in the light of the black water. ”We must find him until the guardian of the Talisman has killed us.

– And who is this – the guardians of the talisman? – Alexey enters the conversation. – His angry nuttro shrinks with a shrink. – It was better for him to never meet Sonya.

- I don't know exactly, - he tightened Sonya's shoulders. - But someone is very strong.

“I saw him,” says Alexey with a crying voice. – This is a huge man on the horse. when he goes, the whole earth is shrinking.

The sonny closes the eyes, trying not to think about the guard. The strong break of the corner shines the flame in the iron bank. The sonny is warning.

They seem to follow my traces.

Alexey looks in the black window.

“Vampires,” Sonya answered darkly, and without opening his eyes, he removed the bottles.

Send Love to the search for Costka and one-hand Tania, Sonya and Alexey go out to the square in front of the main square. The star sky covers them, the wind rotates in its space, like shadows carrying spirals up the dark, removed from the earth the lusts of all-powerful matter. Many of the long scrolled worlds of minutes they steadily stand on the background of a huge dark building and look at the sky, a girl and a boy.

“They’re already here,” Sonya finally says, without wanting to talk about eternity.

Maybe you’re going to hide in the trap? – Alexis asks.

- What do you cry so much, Alyssa? - Sona carefully asks.

“The stomach of poison is dry,” Alexey tightened, washing the throat with a dirty hand. – We’re poisoning with meat and we’re drinking.

On the opposite end of the passage between the warehouse buildings from where Sonya came, the figures are visible moving in front of the vampires. Natasha goes in front with his suitcase, a little behind - a chromy driver in a self-made jacket of an empty shell, with a broken piece of iron in his hand and placed on his head with a folded wire, replacing him with a helmet. The sixth vampire, who suffered in the bus by the north, is already broken down in a sliding hole.

Sonia awaits their approach, illuminating the place in front of him with a black water bank that he holds in his hand. Arriving to the middle of the passage, Natasha notices Sonia and with a evil rush passes to run. The rest of the vampires try not to get away from the driver.

When Natasha escapes to Son, Alexey flows to the side, and Sonya blows out the dusting black water in her chest. Natasha's switcher is covered with a flame and the shock of the shell falls on the ground next to Sonya's back jumped. Wrecked by the shell, Natasha begins to turn on the place, by applying blind shocks, some of which with a terrible shell out of the wall of the chain a piece of tubes. Sonya goes down inside the building, where the rushing sliding man with a tower is shelled. Returning from the shock of the tower, Sonya runs through the golden metal stairs. Up. With a heavy storm the vampire pursues it. Strongly rotating near the turn of the stairs, Sonya unfolds a hand, from which a blind light is blinking with a swing. The body of the slice is spotted, with a furious river is inflated on Sonya, both are broken from the stairs, but in the air Sonya is rotated from under the vampire, and it flies with a stone to the concrete floor of the underground floor, breaks the back of the peril, surrounding the first floor from the hole and with a fever crushes into the bottom. Doing the air a narrow circle, Sonya falls down next to him and picks up From the blow to the smooth chest of concrete lysy breaks himself two ribs and hand, and, blindly reveal, hardly rises to the quarters. Then Sonya ruts, with two hands carries the lysy over his head. The lysy lysy emits under the blow of the lysy a crushing sound and the body of the vampire falls on the ground, dragging in collisions. With the desperate blow of the lysy Sonya breaks the flesh neck, widely dispersed for the support of the legs.

As it climbs up, Sonya hears a terrible sound of riding over the land of Natasha, which is eaten by the fire of the poisoned lakes, and the iron strikes accompanied by the chromosome driver's rush and the pressed rush of Alexey. Separating from the dark wall, a woman with half the face is rapidly striking with a tube, like a hair, on the place where Sonya's head was just located. The tube with a bell strikes into the wall. With a hand striking to Sonya's pearls, a fire leaf cuts the woman's intestine together with the flame. The flow of the wheat runs out on Sonny's legs, rising up, the woman carries the tube with both hands over her head and falls with her face down on the floor, throwing her weapons. Sonny's hand is scattered by negative pain, and she, hiding, can't stand out for a while to start rubbing her long-haired head.

When she finally comes out to the square, Alexey, wounded with a iron in the shoulder, runs through the stable of rubber tubes to a broken window, traced by a crum driver with a wheat on his head. The wheat has already twice saved the crum from the hit of the wheat, but the boy with the stone did not get rid, and resigned, scratching a spoon of the bone from the broken wheat of his head. The boy at his time died from the hit by a knife to the side, the trace of which in the form of a dark bloodshed is still seen on his head. and with a short, dumb scratch hit him with a topor on his head, throwing a piece moved into his hands. The boy swallowed from the blow and got a pine of his leg to the bloodshed side, throwing him from his legs to the ground. The throwing scratch of the topor and the crust of the scratch of the scratch conclude the match.

The fate of Alexey, however, is sad. He is never able to reach the window when the chromium reaches his iron on the back, and Alexey is jumping from the stable of tubes, breaking his shoulder and blowing out of his teeth. Sonya could come to him for help, but, finally dealing with the fire, Natasha, covered with the covered slicks of the switcher, clinging to the meat under the burned skin, again starts his attack with riding. Sonya goes back, accumulating the remains of the cat's energy, but suddenly hears a sharp battle whistle, and a lump, thrown by a single hand of Tania, Natasha falls into his head. Natasha hardly holds on his feet, making a couple of steps toward.

The driver also fails to give Alexey a terrible blow, because he gets into the chest a poisoned garlic, released by Kostick from the self-shooter. The railman, swallowing on the head of Alexey, cuts the glowes from the rubber tubes. The foolish of the pain Alexey scratches, seeks to hide in the shadow of the wall, but the next blow on the head reaches him, he scratches on the ground, turning his face to the sky, and swallowing the chrome with a hidden from the pain face hardly kills the iron into his bloated mouth after which he turns it out, Like a housecrat, breaking the boy's neck, so the black roots of Alexei's throat become visible.

Meanwhile, Natasha, turning to Son by the side, makes a few bite movements with a bite in the air and runs on the Costa, urgently charging two bits into his self-shooter at once. The kid's fingers swallowed from the body treasure long can't cope with the bite, but when Natasha is running already carries a bite for a hit, both bits with a bite force in insisting break her nose and go deep into her face, drawing Natasha's head back and throwing up the dark blood medusa. The head of the bone and shrinking his neck, a strong sharp breaks out a part of his face along with the blood flow, and he as a subcutaneous falls into dirt. Natasha loses balance and falls on his knees, releasing not that cry, not that clock. Between the knives swallowing in her face with a rush flowing blood. She for a while stands on his knees in dirt, relying on a clock and looks at the building of the main chain, seeing in it the house of her death, until the subcutaneous Love doesn't beat her twice with a dirt key in the ear, after which Natasha dirtly falls with the knees.

The last remaining vampire first uncertainly crumps to the side of Sony, but, seeing the death of the driver, turns to the side of the left bus. The rising figure of the chromosome driver hardly manages to reach the middle of the passage between the buildings of the warehouses, when from the poison stuck in the chest of the gloves it begins to turns the vomiting spasms, it falls side by side and sees how among the star snow Sonya tiredly comes to him, holds the topor in the hand. After gathering the last forces, the chromium goes to the car, clinging his hands to the ground and the dirty stains of the dead grass growing on the body of an untouchable planet for him. Sonya reaches him at a break in a concrete curtain and long rubs it with a topor until she can break the wire. Then she breaks the chromium rider's head.

Completely obsessed, Sonya sits next to the enemy's body in dirt. Her fever and handheld, from which she released a flame, runs with burning pain, as if a fresh boil is flowing on her. Her legs, her hands and her clothes are filled with the fat dark blood of defeated vampires. She closes her eyes and her face becomes completely white, like a doll. It lights.

When the cold sky is shining with a bright-rozen color of rise, Sonya slowly, staying with his feet into the dirt, drags the body of the chromium into a slurry hole and throws it out with sand. She with sadness looks at the bus with which nothing can do, and goes to the main shop. The bodies of the boy and Natasha still fall on the square. The wind trembling Natasha's hair, pulling them out over the dragged hand, whose cysts are immersed in the slurry out of the head of the blood. Sonya takes the body of the boy's mouse and throws it inside. There she stands on the two girls sitting on the iron floor with the bodies of Costka and Alexey. Luba sinks the wounded wound on the face of Costka with poison, taking her with the roofs from the floor. Costka swallowes and cries. Tanya silently cries. Tears flow over her unwashed clothes, cold, like the first drops of rain.

By throwing the boy into the peril, Sonya faces a dead man turning behind him. She hears a body blow of concrete.

“How much you don’t get out, and you don’t move,” says Tanya, who loses tears, stupidly looking at Alexey. – All is because of you.

Sonya removes the dress, the coats, and, leaving in one shirt, long looks at Alexey's upset face, who is struggling for her.

“His end,” she says. – But he fought like a real hero. There will be a time when the dead children will rise from the earth, and he will be one of the first. Don’t cry for him, Tanya. He has conquered the future. Death has taken him as a pioneer.

- What are the pioneers? - Tanya asks, looking at Alexey's face to find the traits he knows there.

– True pioneers don’t die – Sonya approaches Tane, sits next to her on a basket and, heightening the girl behind her neck, kisses in a chick. – They carry a karaul in the stone forest, waiting for a bright future.

-Thania doesn't believe, washing tears on the back side of the cyst.

— True truth — Sonya kisses Tanya again and presses a puddle to her puddle, looking at her back. — When I find a stone forest, I will see it.

– Then I’m going to go with you – says Tanya. – I want to go to the stone forest too.

But you’re not a pioneer. Only a real pioneer can enter the stone forest.

And you?

I’m a pioneer, I’m a pioneer, I’m not a pioneer, I’m a pioneer.

How can I become a pioneer?

Now it’s hard, you’ll find neither communists nor real communists anywhere. besides death, there’s someone who takes you here as pioneers.

Take me, you may be able.

“Well you, Tanecka, death must be heroic. What does it mean that I will kill you?

In the coming silence, only the painful crying of the wounded Costistic is heard.

- Then I'll just go with you - says Tanya quietly. - I'll sit next to the forest and sit.

— Well — thought, — says Sonya. — If you want it, then go. Only this long way can be terrible.

“I’m not afraid of anything,” Tanya says with a missing voice.

Then tell me about the underground. there must be something from which the dead rise.

I don’t know why, but there, in the dark, there may be anyone other than us.

“I saw,” Luba suddenly said. – We and Kostik, when we walked to the grass, saw something moving in the dark, on the floor, like a dog.

What did it look like? — asked Sonya.

It was very dark there.

Where do you remember?

The corridory that leads to the bedroom.

Where does he lead?

“We are the place where the dead should be placed, we call the bedroom,” Tanya explains. ”There’s the most poison. From there the straight corridor with round walls to the subterranean goes. I remember when we and Aloshia Liebka walked, I also seemed like something is moving behind us, but I didn’t see anything.

"And Kostick said, - again meets Luba, - that as if under the earth was something living, but it was not on the floor, but on the roof, and he once shot in it, so that the gloves would not take it.

“I thought you had a walk to the depth here, where you don’t need,” says Sonya, “I’m going to look for it. They’re sure they know the way to the stone forest. There’s more fire, the underground people are only afraid of fire.

Tanya no longer cry. She puts Alexei in one hand his hat on the chain, and in the other - a pocket of poison. They quietly stand over the tomb all the fourth, healed with vivid poison Kostick holds his hand on his neck.

The bodies of Natasha girls are dragged into a sliding hole. Natasha is very heavy and leaves a wheel in dirt. After falling her land, Sonya and Tania go to the water to the nearest lake. It's already a very morning, the dark sun disappears in the raw clouds. The clouds rise from the west, where on the horizon they see their sliding gray front.

“There will be rain,” says Tanya, whom the rain is completely indifferent.

The wind is notoriously shrinking the oil surface of oil water. The lakes are surrounded by a wide strip of floured soil, on which the grass does not grow. From here you can see a tower on that side of the water, composed of a large black rubber. From the lake to the factory stretches a silver-isolated waste pipeline, through which during the lifetime of the factory the chemical waste was thrown into somewhat ordinary lake lakes, until all life around them ended, the grass did not die, the shrimps did not cease to grow and the birds nested. When the time eventually defeated by man ceased to flow in this place of space, the workers of the unknown department raised in the middle of the field a black tower, a silent bastion on the border with eternity.

The residents of the nearby districts of the city preferred to avoid the forgiven place. They told that around the tower are guided over the nights by wicked babies, whose life lasted only within the walls of the nearby home, and that some boy, who walked through the fields in a cold winter night, saw a bird sitting at the top of the tower with the long cows horns, which with a cross cried out from the tower of stones.

They also told that someone lives in the black lakes and cry in the field at night, like a child, which was pure truth, because in one of the lakes lived a girl named Lisa, whom an unknown man raped in the submarine, drowned and cut her a puppy, and then took it in the car and threw it in the lake with a rubber wheel from a truck on the neck. Lisa liked living in the outer water, even more that she had no more need to breathe, with the advent of the cold she got into a nest, built up. In the lake nore, and in the warm time, she was eaten by the night gathered in the fields by cows and sleeping birds, and when she woke up, she was not crying, but singing on the shore of her lake, especially in the full moon, and this subtle girl singing about the beauty of the dark spaces immersed in the desert, filled with coolness, the odor of flowers and stars, the unknown people accepted the cry of an uncomfortable soul. of death.

Sonia, who came to the water, immediately feels the existence of Lisa on the ears of noticeable traces of a week old age on the ground and a specific smell. She lies on the stomach with a face to the water and looks into the depth of the lake, quietly shining. Tanya with fear cuts on her, throwing conserve banking burning water. Very soon in the dark thickness of the lake appears a bright spot, and Lisa soundlessly floats on the surface, throwing through the mouth black water from the chest. It is clear that during life, when the fatal bleedness has not yet touched her face, She could not count on the present beauty.

“Sorry, Lisa,” Sonya begins modestly, sitting on his knees, “that’s troubled your dream. but you know it’s nice to talk to someone who can understand and comfort you.

The white eyes of Lisa express the past anxiety. Only she is going to just swim back into her nour, as a reminder of the pain that is almost stumbled in memory, possibly still in the future, causes her to smile bitterly.

“No, girl, I ceased to be a comsomol when the comsomol ceased to exist,” she replied suddenly with a melodic voice.

“It’s very sorry, or if you could help the unhappy girl,” Sonya shows her eyes to the side of Tania, who, pressing a steep to her chest with a iron hand, is scared and badly touching the shell, who really wants to be a pioneer.

“Oh, it’s all in the past, dear girl,” Lisa swallowed in the water with her beautiful ballet hand.

What are you... how is your name?

and Lisa.

So here, Lisa, think right yourself, can something great be, — Sonya divides his hands to the side, as if she wants to picture the sun — something such a great and full life suddenly take and die, disappear without a trace? For we are with you, Lisa, we are small compared to the comsomol, and for we can’t disappear, for we are with you, dear Lisa. What so many people believed in can’t die, they want it like before or not. And the comsomol is to you, Lisa is not a furious horror, but something many times greater.

“Yes, I read,” says Lisa, filled with unwilling memories of the days of her past life, of the wheat flowing in May in front of the school building, of the spiritual reading room of the library, where the mysterious, full of muckling, silence, of the ticking of grandmother’s clocks above the floor, of the sleepy flight of the prayer from the paid closet to the corridor, and of the cool wind that meets on the tenist descent to the courtyard of her bicycles.

In a world where nothing happens just so, there is it, there is it, you just need to find it.

“You’re probably right, girl,” Lisa agrees. – But I don’t want to return to the beautiful past, even if it becomes the future. I like the darkness and the cave coolness of the present, its burning lights, the deforestation of the leaves and the irresistible sadness of the night. I like loneliness.

“And I’m trapped by the bright secret of the yellow stars,” Sonya breathed. – I want to be a wizard.

“You’re sure you’ll die, brave girl,” says Lisa fascinatedly. – I like your fate.

Everyone thinks of his own, and Tanya, who stands with the wing, thinks of his fate.

“And now, maybe it’s time for me to swim,” says Lisa. – It’s already cold, my shoulders are frozen over the water.

– Did you not notice, Lisa, something very unusual here, around your lakes? – says Sonya, whose face becomes serious. – Do you not be surprised?

I don’t know where he comes from. If a cloudy night climb the hill, there, in the north, where the forest begins, you see a white light, so weak that the living, poorly seen in the dark, can’t see it. But I see it.

“Thank you, Lisa. it seems that’s what I’m looking for.

“You’re not afraid to live here,” Tanya asks the rubber. – What if someone throws fire into the water?

“There, under the water, the fire cannot live, girl, there nothing can live, only me. There, on the bottom, a lot of traces of those who came to me, but they are all dead. Goodbye, – Lisa turns out and with strong swings of hands and legs goes into black. Tanya looks after her while Sonya washes her hands and legs in the lake, carefully washing from the skin the blood spots. On the reverse way she once turns to the north.

- What, and really there begins the forest? - she asks Tanya.

– Yes, very far away, just it is down and from here you can’t see it. We often catch mice there. Only the lightning I didn’t notice any one there.

We have to wait for the night if we want to see him.

– Sonya... – Tanya asks after a long silence, – why does the fire appear from your hand?

“I’ve drowned the cat’s heart,” Sonya replied. – But now it’s all over.

Can I do that too?

I don’t think you’re another.

When they approach the factory, the rain begins.

The First Terrible Talisman

And I saw a glass sea mixed with fire.

of 15.2

I will do that they will come and worship before your feet, and they will know that I have loved you.

of 3.9

I’m going to go alone, go away.

Sonya stands in the wall of a small underground tank with a low roof, where she covers a hole with washed tons of waste fluid across the edges, and holds in her hand a rigid wire with hot oil water. She is dressed in pants, a fiber shirt and a jacket issued to her by Tania from the marmor stock of small residents of the factory.

“There behind the hole the tube goes down, and then straight and divides,” Tanya quietly says. – From there a lot of rats come.

If I don’t come back until the evening, it means I’ve stayed forever, says Sonya and is immersed in eternal darkness.

Tanya stands and looks as the light of a dusting beard tights under the earth. Then she goes to the opposite wall, sits on the floor, clocking on her back, and begins to wait, looking with sleepless eyes into the hole where Sonya went. She thinks of a stone forest, mirror stones reflecting the clouds flowing in the sky. She thinks of Alexey, carrying a pioneer wave among the hidden snow. Enormous and irreversible, like a mountain, love fills her small one-handed being. Love for the one whom she never lives She didn’t know who killed her and against her will forced her to live again, distorted and full of hatred, love that didn’t know the cause or the end, like the cosmos that washed the fire shores of the sun star.

It finds narrow walks in which it can’t pass, roasted roasted locks in the roofs of the tubes and broken skeletons of the workers in the stainless species, who became the victims of a long repair catastrophe, when from the broken waste with the stainless war flows an alcaline river, irresistibly taking the air from its steadily clinging for the iron stains in the walls of the tubes of the creators. Here, in the depths of space, again lost by man, everything returned On their circles, day and night no longer change each other, and time is measured only by generations of rats, whose remains, mixed with sand, are infused in the highest metal runs of tubes.

Sonia focuses on the smell, the terrible smell of the world where people have not yet penetrated, although this world existed a long time before them and will exist even after the last person dies. The smell is spread throughout the waste system, and Sonia several times returns to the same places, making signs on the brown walls with a piece of yellow rubber. Finally, she finds a lock in the wall of the tube, behind which the leak falls into a small camera. In the bottom of the camera, the hole of the hole with the scratches of the stairs. Sonia puts a wire on the floor of the camera, leaves on the knees and breathes from the oven. The smell goes from there.

By hanging blindly on the forehead and looking in the darkness down, Sonya carefully descends through the stairs, capturing the hands of the roasted stains. She suddenly sees a reflection of her fire in the slowly flowing underground river. The Cold is broken over the iron bridge hanging at the water itself on supports. The river is not a creation of human hands, the walls of the roast consists of ordinary brown gline with traces of collapses. In a few meters above the stream Sonya sees a mark formed by the wall of the gline. Down the foot, Sonya becomes convinced that the depth of the river is hardly above her knees, descends from the bridge and goes on the same bottom against the weak stream of water.

They are horizontally standing on the wall as if they lie in the air. Their two. Growth they are not above Sonny. Their face of the color of white flies is prevented by skin growths that cause strange horror. Their heads are covered with black needles instead of hair. Their narrow black eyes are deprived of rays and do not reflect the fire like a matte plastic. They are more like a shell than living beings. The sharp headache indicates for Sonny the beginning of telepatic contact with the underground people who are unable to speak.

The subterranean people express the disregard of Sonia by the stupidity that brought her here, because Sonia’s existence here is impossible, because of a large number of Sonia species’ existences that have already been interrupted here. Sonia’s death is inevitable, and she, without understanding this fact, deserves disregard. Sonia’s death is inevitable.

The way to the stone forest, the silence responds to them Sonya, the way to the stone forest.

The misunderstanding of the purpose of Sonny’s movement to the stone forest attaches the area of its inner essence, unavailable to the organs of the brain vision of the subterranean people. The unman exposes Sonya to an sudden telepatic attack, from which she disappointedly sits in the sand, closing her eyes, and tries to remember where she is. From the hair of the stone placed in the river, a little hot fluid flows and quickly damps. Remembering herself, Sonya sees that the unman approached her, she very desires to blink the fire on them, but does not do it. They immediately try to kill Sonya by breaking her brain, but they can’t. Then they understand that Sonya is not a man.

You are not like the living or those who walk after death.

The way to the stone forest, the silence responds to them Sonya.

We know about her, tell me who you are.

Sonia closes the eyes with the hand and opens its essence to the unhuman.

Their horrible faces are hidden, expressing fear.

What you’re afraid, Sonya asks, and a black clock slowly turns out inside her.

The unman desperately tries to kill Sonya. Their untouchable mouths open up, issuing a sharp crush. The ice diamond wings swallow into Sonya's head, from her mouth flow blood, but she already begins to say what she doesn't know. The subterranean people fall on a scale and fall to her north. The ice wings with fever dissolve into snow dust.

Let us go, my master.

The Stone Forest repeats Sonya’s question.

She’s in front of her eyes, there’s a field with rough stains, a lonely tree at the edge of the stone, and a thrown tractor at the tree.

The sun flows with blood and the pre-death corches of the unman break her skin on the chest of the right hand, covering the eyes.

Through the power of moving unacceptable legs, Sonya returns back, without turning to the place where the bodies of the subterranean beings remained. She knows what is happening to them now, but doesn't want to see it. She's very difficult to climb the wall of the hole up, she stops and rests several times, pressing her breast to the spots and closing her eyes.

Sonya appears from a hole in the wall, against which Tanya is sitting, already under the evening. Her face is tired, the water is already lightly burning on the bottom of the hole. They and Tanya are hugged, pressing each other, and the hole with a hole falls out of Sonya's angry fingers.

Going down on the metal floor near the cottage, where the riddled riddles are fun-heated, Sonia is immersed in a sleep, full of branches, between which the golden stars of bright flowers are swimming, covered with a ice puddle of negasy flame.

In the late evening, Sonya and Tanya go on the way. The faces of their colet frozen in the darkness of rain. On the invisible mountains the surrounding, any of the cold, any of the hunger, dogs. In the darkness, not lighted even by the stars, Sonya clearly sees far the light of which Lisa talked, similar to the light of a thin moon falling into a deep forest hole. He knows what he sees there.

Finally, she begins to descend from the hill, the stones bite her for the boss's feet. Her bottles, convenient only when walking on the hard surfaces, Sonya left Love, receiving in exchange the once found by someone on the slope the dangerous bridge, which now, carefully turning into the slope, lies in the pocket of Sonya's jacket. Bridge really likes Sonya, because of such a bridge she always dreamed, with a comfortable plastic handle and a sharp lesbian, slightly covered with rubber, similar to a dry blood. This bridge is well cut, leaving in the pocket of Sonya's jacket. Yes, Sonya prefers to kill quickly and brutally. You don't have to forget that her tutors, life and death, are also brutal as the child's kidney.

Drying from the opposite rain, the girls are immersed in the forest, throwing out of the memory of the man who goes into it all the idea of the sides of the light and the location of the cities. Their faces are immersed in the sea of rawness, absorbing the odors of destroyed herbs, wet cottage and stumbling heartbeat of the falling stems. As small fees they jump in the darkness on the narrow hole, circling among the trees, lonely and cut off from all over the world, from which they don’t expect any help, no regret, no love.

The white light flourishes in front as a slope of a distant sunlight, and Sonya feels a gentle trembling mixed with the cold dries of fear, approaching the talisman. She does not even try to imagine how he is, and what she will do with him when she finds, she simply decides to see him and may be disappearing forever. Touching the wet surface of the eyes to this pure light, feel how the transparent flame of freedom begins gently lying your heart. Ah, no one can know how beautifully it is. The future that will surely never come... And Sonya still thinks of a guard, of a huge horse on a black horse, of the red star burning on its building, of the unpleasant look of the eternal eyes, of the fire sable dispersing the night worlds.

Sonya stops Tanya by touching her hand. She sees a small plate in front with a tree growing in the middle. In her crown a ghost lightning is shining.

Sonya carefully breathes the autumn air and carefully hears into the rays of rain. There is somewhere the weak smell of the dead. Probably, the forest mouse drowned in its nurses. And maybe, it’s already here? Sonya keeps stable. Rain drops steak on her face, like drops of cold sweat. Pressing to the wooden stool, Sonya seems to merge with him, turning into a forest resident, feels the movement of worms in the depths of the soil, the breath of the protein falling into a double, a drop on the roofs, the swallowing of the splashing threat She presses her hand on Tani's shoulder, and she sits on her knees in the grass. Then Sonya slowly steals to the tree, choosing every step. On the halfway she stops again because the smell suddenly becomes sharp. Too much for the mouse. Sonya carefully scans with the eyes of the grass from which the smell comes. And finally she sees.

— Stay — a silent voice speaks as soon as Sonya takes his foot back. — Hands up.

Two shadows rise out of the shadows. Now Sonya clearly hears their hard breath. So before they did not breathe.

- First, - says the same voice. - Sonya goes forward, choosing to the field. - She hears how one follows her. - His steps are almost silent. - Then behind her back is a sharp shrough, where Tanya remains. - The shot breaks the silence of the mouth. - The second beat her in the eyes. - The third and the fourth fill her with salmoned blood. - The second enemy, still standing there, in the middle of the cows, is crazy. - In Sonya's back is a dull of cutting.

– Who was with you? – asks a silent voice.

The companion.

What did you do in the forest?

They thought to cut the corner. - Sonya turns.

Take a jacket.

Sonia removes the jacket.

Turn the face.

Sonya turns in the face. Before her stands a brown and confused hair rooted man with a cutting in his hands. He clothes in a rough soldier wardrobe and an army shoulder with a star. By they Sonya understands that the matter is good. The second man, dressed in a bull shirt, comes out of the cows. In his hand he has a pistol.

The voice of him is not so silent, his face is harsh, swallowed, and with the growth he raises above the first. — Oh you, what a doll. Give her, Sova, here, at the hole, without a court.

The pen stands, go to the shooters when such a hunt. and this shit must be judged.

-Why do you judge her, Sova? she is a little girl. what is her demand? the boy is in the back and ready. only the brain will fall asleep.

I was already working in the factory in her years. - The evil is screaming. - And she sold to the enemy.

So, what about it, in the logos?

We will get to the agreed place, and there will be seen.

The high with bored hurt into the grass.

Then go, your mother, and then the second police will come here.

The wounded painfully wrappes Son's hands behind the back and binds them with a remn. They go on the way. The high goes ahead, the prisoner Sonia, the wounded one behind her, occasionally pushing Sonia with a dull of cutting. On the top, the rain falls, and Sonia is crying with tears from the tired impotence before the fate.

The time for them ended in the sunny summer morning half a century ago. They were eleven, they partisaned for two months, but on their account were only two killed in the forest police and killed in the shooting soldiers of the German punitive brigade. They were surrounded by the forest hand, where they arranged a station, the Germans were many, and the patterns were almost no. Eight of them burned in the battle place, three injured were taken into prison. The prisoners hanged on the edge of the unknown village with tables on their breasts, and the killed were placed at their feet. In a row, after which they wiped two hot summer days, until the occupational sanitary commission recognised the further horrors of the rural population unsuitable. Then they were dropped on a cage and buried in a canyon wiped out by the rural residents in the forest near the bull.

The new power carried out an operation with its own scrupulousness, with the only exception: the place chosen to be buried was parshive. It has long gone through the district unhappy glory that children are lost there and all bullshit impurities live. It has passed seven months, and in the snowed February night eleven partisans came out of the tomb and through the flying snow again saw the black sky above their head. The Germans were nonewhere, they left in the autumn, but the dead partisans could not believe it and counted that In propaganda purposes, the fascists even allowed peaceful inhabitants to lift red stamps, but all the factory was now working on Germany, the children taught German, and no one thought of resistance. Only eleven partisan heroically continued the war with hatred occupants.

They found weapons on the abandoned fields of battle. They attacked the truck parks and stole the fuel from which they then manufactured bombs. They walked over the forests, and no one could stop their continuous blood ride. Several times they got into the surroundings, but they came out of it because of their ability to turn into beasts and because the bullets did not take them. They didn't know forgiveness to the betrayers, judging them by their partisan court, which changed from case to case only the kind of punishment. Most often they hanged, but also They dropped, swallowed, quartered, rubed the heads, broken the spinal cord, scratched the skin, broken the trees, cooked or burned the living, and in some cases invented something cool. They shoot rarely, savings of the rifles, although the latter time with this became easier. Usually the prisoners also tortured, in order to identify the places of the enemy’s concentration, the deadlines of the upcoming punitive operations, the political position of world fascism and the names of the active supporters of the new order. In addition to the destruction of the sold to the invaders The people of the partisans broke and broke everything they got on the way and they thought it had some importance for the prosperous enemy in unavailable Germany. They exploded the railways, putting the train down. They arranged crashes at power plants and destroyed the gas pipes. They captured and destroyed the vehicles of remote purpose, and twice in their fault they even suffered the crash of the aircraft. During their long journey they lost only two. One, by the click of the Shuk, died Thirty years ago in a brutal battle with the secret forces of the fascist internal affairs, after a hand grenade was broken right under his feet. The second, the former commander of the squad, which they called Ignatom, by the clique of Vychol, ten years as disappeared in the burning flame of the heated heat plant, and the companions still considered him simply missing. Now the squad commandered Mithia, usually called Medvedev, because unlike his companions, who had been regular volcanoes, he was especially The evil man was able to turn into this great and dangerous beast.

The one who walked ahead of Sonny, in that far summer morning of the last battle was quite young, he was barely ninete years old. He was called in the squad of Mohnatum, although his real name was Leonid. He didn't like riding and preferred to destroy the enemy with a scope and without understanding, torture did not recognize, considering them an empty loss of time, in addition from the screams of pain he annoyed and cloned into sleep. Being alone, he killed the fascists immediately, without reporting to the commander, for which he repeatedly received strict excuses, but to punish him not The second was called Sova because he never slept and loved eating hot mice. In addition, Sova loved breathing the hands of the fascist children, especially boys, although the girls were not especially broken. Once they and Mohnathi took the first class walking in the forest and he without looking put six children right on the field, while Mohnathi looked, like a wet paper, clothes with two hanged young fascist teachers to show the students all the shame of their low betrayal. The rest of the children, except for one beautiful fascist girl, who was brutally raped and murdered by the Mouthful, were released in the hope that at least one new partisan would grow up.

Sonya walks between the partisans for about a half an hour, scratching her feet to the blood of the invisible cows in the dark. Most of her disappointment is that she has never seen a terrible talisman, and hopes to see him in the future has almost not remained. By turning her head at some point, she tried to talk to Sova, who seemed to her more understandable of her dark companion, but she received a sharp blow by a duel in her back, so she stumbled and fell, after which Sova lifted her, capturing her hair.

- Kill, Madonna, - he darkly reminded Sonna, the rock yellowed wolves. She was no longer trying to talk and only silence went forward. Sonna is not doubtful that she wants to be slightly tortured by a partizan court and then punished, she is only afraid that for punishment they can choose a failed form. Shot, if not on the head, and more hanging, Sonna is not afraid. But the clouds covered by the face of the partizan give such a trait to creativity and innovation that it is not done by itself.

Soon behind the pelena rain hears the linen noise of the river. On its grew assail and crying hips of the shore stands a raw forest explosion, in which the light does not burn. At the threshold of the explosion sit another two partisan and eat the dried fish, cut it with hunting knives. When they see the companions they, without ceasing to eat, deceitfully look at them in front. The one of them who sits from Sonny to the left, is called Paul, or simply a bag, he is thick and rough, his swallowed abdomen all the time opposite cries and cries. To the knees of the Kalachnikov machine, and the shoes are already broken out and from them the stuck stoves of the grass touch. He goes into a sports costume with a jacket that is clearly small to him. The bag is famous among the partisans for his desire, addressed exclusively to the animals with which he does not seek to get into contact, since the genitals have long expelled him, and for a long time he plays, feeling the beloved beast with his legs and kissing with a dull mouth until he breathes or necks him. The beast, without suspicion of his fate, also I love the bag, and you can often see how it runs behind him on the trap of a white, a yellow, and even a sheep. The second, sitting on the right, the partizan is called the Volodies, and the repoy is probably for the strange shape of his head, which, in turn, looks like not a repa, but rather on the edge of red bread with grains, so strongly outward the forehead and the submarines on his slope, covered with brushes and acnees of roses. Behind the back of the Vladis also hangs a machine, and on the belt are seen three grenades and iron flags. It goes civically, only the wings of the wings. He is army, curved.

“Good,” the sedentary Mochnathi hurt, sits on the threshold of the explosion and tries a piece of dried fish.

- It's you wicked, Mochnaty, - it's a lot long and that's the bag. - Good fisherman. - Where did the girl get?

I said to shoot immediately, so Sova wants to judge her.

- Right, - repa comes with a foolish voice. - Without a trial it is not possible. - And what if she is not guilty? - and he smiles, naked, stupid, like all the idiots, tooth.

“Vinovata, the creature,” Sova sits and carefully takes Sonya for her hair, releases the belt on her hands.

– We’re going to put the thread in your ears. – Repa is glad. – You’ll tell everything, you’ll speak German.

I know where the fascists have bacteriological weapons and I can't speak German because I'm a double school.

- What kind of weapon? - Unconsciously scratched the bag.

“Fascists have invented a new weapon,” Sonya patiently explains. – bacteriological. from it a person is infected with various diseases. with cholera or some swine.

“Oh, you’re a honest mother,” the bag goes away, and a small waterfall works in his stomach for a while, after which he loudly throws out.

How do you know all this? - How do you know all this? - How do you know all this?

“We’re teaching this at school to get used to the fascist form of warfare, and we as fascist children from childhood have already gotten away from all these terrible diseases, if you want, I’ll take you to the infectious warehouses where bacteria in the baths dried.

- I don't believe her. - I'm wrong. - She's wrong. - She's wrong. - She's wrong.

- Yes, it's a thin thing, - Sova agrees. - And maybe it's a hole.

– It’s just a hostage, – rejoices Mohnaty. – It’s smart, – even with some admiration to the fascist thought, he’s flown to the ground with strength.

"Why do you don't believe me? - Sonya begins to cry, her face turns up, her tears go out of her eyes, she throws her eyes with bulbs and throws up.

Sova strongly holds Sonya behind the locks while Repa leaves her clothes. Then they put her back on a raw ground and, dropping Sonya with the weight of her body, Sova begins to burn her spikes. Fire burns, lighting the animal-like faces of the partisan. Sonya rushes and cries like a cut. The wet pulls the belt from the pants and bits above Sonya a blade, with a stretch, targets on the liver. Sonya is very painful, and she strangely rushes, trying to defend her legs. Then the partisan rests and fries fish, strangely strangely the Sonya rushes. The drops of rain flush about spicy burns on her body. The life is covered with bloodshed blue and urinary cuts left by the blade of the belt. The Sonny's face is harmless from constant crying.

So what, you’ll say, the fascist fool? you’ll say the truth? – Sova tends over her. The speech with a swist breaks out of her throat, like a pair from the cover of the castle. He dissolves the belt and Sonya tries to close her face with her hands, but he strongly compresses her backbone.

The sun often cuts the head.

“I told you the truth,” she tells with tears. – I don’t know anything anymore.

– Give her a wire in the ear and we’ll go to it – suggests Repa. – Or in the nose.

- You say, - it is again on Sonya Sova. - Sonya throws her head, but the partizan with the iron hand catches her for the shell and throws her a wire into her nose. - Reply, Madonna. - Sonya throws her head.

– Deeper, – raises the rap. – Deeper, deeper and deeper!

Sonya switches in the whole voice, feeling the cold cold rain on the neck and the blood swallowing the throat. Sonya pulls out the wire and carefully, like a dentist, turns Sonya's head to the side to swit in the ear. From Sonya's nose, blood flows.

At this point, Tanya appears from the forest, pressing to the chest a small house with a hole instead of a door.

The story of Tania after her separation from Sonya is simple. Just saw a partisan, she was leaving to flee, and from the four shootings of Mohnatho only one reached the goal, falling in her back between the balls. Leaked in the cottage, Tania scratched the ball with a sharp slope and returned to the attack place. Neither Sonya nor the partisan there was no longer, only the rain shurshal and the matto lighted on the tree a half-snipped scratch. Including her iron left hand, like a knee, into a stone, Tania turned up and broke the scratch together. The castle was very old and the roofs that made his roof crossed and lifted the roofs from the walls. Despite curiosity and hunger, Tanya did not decide to open the castle, from which the remains of the old castle drowned and strongly smelled the fall, but simply carried it on the Sonny traces. Observing from the trees behind the suffering of a friend, Tanya was afraid that Sonya would die from a thread in the ear and decided to go out. She believed that the castle really was a terrible one. Talisman, and if he was released, something terrible would happen, which might help Son. Therefore, when Mochnathi and Repa took her to the target, Tanya simply scratched a scratch about the pen that was in her legs, and he flown into pieces. But on the pen Tanya saw nothing but sheets, some rubbish and pieces of the broken nest, splated from prutics, bird pear and animal hair.

The partisans are surprised to look at a girl with a iron hand that broke a pine of the scratch. Through the scratch of the drops they hear a pressed sonny rush and a dirty scratch in the stomach of the Pocket. The Sova hardly rises from the tortured body of the girl, still holds a blood piece of wire in their fingers. And then everyone feels a terrible smell, such a smell as if all over the forest lies dissolving elephants.

Sonya, who lies on his back and therefore turned his eyes to the sky, first notices him. He is a hundred meters high and a star on his building shines like a creml tower. Through his neck of a black horse standing on his knees in night trees, the long tongues dusted by the fire grape. Sonya sees the huge and blue-boss legs, laid down in the streams and hundreds of human scars decorating the collection. Sonya sees a seat from the skin of a murdered angel and a flower gymnast, admired by the strings of the lightning. She sees how He lifts up the fire. Sabbath, the burning topol.

- No! - Sonya's wrath, but the blow of the shining flame has already collapsed through the dark crowns of trees on the wet shore, shrinking everything on its way. The stones break down, their heights fall, covered with a crushing flame from the negasy heat of the Red Army clink. The wave of fire shrinkes the unhappy Tanya and carries it through the air, like a flame flame. It fails even to scream and disappears without a trace, suddenly shrinking, as if a crack of an empty solute missile.

Angry up, the partisans are leaving to flee, on the walk heading out of himself clothes and turning into wolves. Not just the bag that is too thick to flee, instead he desperately sits on the already rotating in the seat red army from the automatic. The balls with the sharp folding trails are pulled into a black height. The guard is longly stumbled somewhat behind the back, and the next blow of the fire sable, depriving the passage of the bag of the lifted head, removes from the explosion part of the roof and passes down above the river, covering the winds of hot flame. The explosion explodes, like a pipe box, the remaining piece of the roof of the threshold falls inside, and from the river a thick hole strip rises up. The headless body of a thick partisan standing on the fire background, throwing a fountain of bull blood in front of the rains of rain, like a hole, which has just broken its head, disperses the last patterns in the sky, where no one can find them anymore, and hardly falls back only when the machine is already malignantly throwing his teeth in the emptiness.

The rest of the turns, looking forward, carry along the shore of the river, but the enormous river of a slow river hunt them, and they suddenly turn and throw into the water. In the ghost fire of a burning explosion, it is already difficult to identify their semi-beast personalities, stumbling under the water in a thirst to reach another shore. The guard horse with a nonconic crisp carefully climbs into the water and, falling around the whole body, the Red Army once again bits the sables over the water. The river scuts, stepping out on its slow path, swallowing the waters They struggle deep, but they are breathed, so that they do not reach the desired coolness of the bottom valley, from the heated in the throat of the hot. When the pair rides, they become visible their swallowed dried bodies, untouchable to the north.

As the dispute goes, Sonya, a harsh flowing into the nasopharynx with blood, runs on her back to the foam, throwing her feet on the wet ground. From the pain in the abdomen she almost doesn't understand anything, it moves her the only desire: to see before death a terrible talisman. But when the black statue of the sinker covers over her the black sky, Sonya ceases to swallow and quietly, without hysterics, cries from the impotence and foolishness of her fate. Everything from the very beginning was foolish. She never had to overcome Him.

He looks from the height to the extended Sonia. His dead face does not express feelings. Through the tears of Sonia he sees that His sister-black hand, holding the occasion, walks through a gym, covered by the hole of the shadows. And then Sonia hears in his head his voice, crying and stupid, bringing everywhere, as if the earth itself spoke.

You have come, I have been waiting for you a long time.

Sonny's heart stops and blood stops flowing into her throat. The cold air, burned by a water wheat, easily enters her chest.

There are also signs of fire on your body; the prophecy is fulfilled.

The devil's eyes look in Sonny's eyes, and in them she sees endless peace, as in the winter sky full of stars.

Now it's your turn. now you have to keep it.

It begins slowly dissolving in the rains of rain. The grape of His horses is gone. After a few minutes He is no longer, as if never. The dream falls into the senseless darkness, where the dead birds sing completely unlike the bird voices.

She returns when another night. The rainy explosion appears in the dark with gorgeous smoke. Nearly there are burned trees, some stems are still mysteriously floating. Throwing out of her back the folded land, Sonya clothes, swallowing from the pain that her clothes cause. She sees a place where a terrible talisman lies out of the corner, shining in the grass like a dirt, but doesn't rush. Something arose in her that she didn't know before. She thinks she might be dead again. It was truly dead, as in the far summer of the pioneer camp, when the famous Peter, by the blow of a black coastal rock, opened her the door to hell.

Oh, terrible Peter, his shining dark hair and hands with long musical fingers, his unthinkable coughing look, a crazy voice, a weak smell of tobacco from a white shirt with a short wide arm, his laughing burned friends, guided by neighboring troops. Sonya and her girlfriend Dasha drank with them dark-red Crimean wine, pulled up with small bite-sweaters with a bad grass, watched pornographic images and gave themselves guided in the soul darkness of the body for adults, where they loudly ticked. The hour, counting the time to the morning mountain. The drunk Dasha was always held on his hands in his room by Igor, the head of the "Zaria" squad, and Sonya stayed with the rest and allowed them to do everything with themselves, even what was not on the pictures. At the same time, the adults came to anger and suffered Sonya, no longer able to enjoy the human way, and Sonya thought that this always happens in their terrible world and obediently suffered, although she liked only Peter, whose kisses burned Sonya, as falling from the summer sky stars. She liked when Peter, pressing her to the bed so that she couldn’t walk, was unclean and long with the whole body, occasionally kissing in the forehead reminded of the night’s heat, and with the pain of Sonia felt the satanic power living in his undeveloped body, falling in the midst and flying down over the heavens, almost touching the face of lightweight dusting flowers.

And when the change ended, Peter secretly asked Sonia to walk with him for a farewell to the shore of the sea. There was a transparent sunshine morning, they walked on a smooth sand from the shore, and Sonia knew that Peter would tell her something very important that could even change her whole life. After laying her back to the water-dried black shore, Peter smoked for a long time, and Sonia gathered the cakes next to him to bring her mother home. Finally, Peter told Sonia to approach him. He hugged it and threw it to the chest, kissed it to the forehead, and then, strongly taking the hair, with all strength hit the head into the shell. He hit it again, but this Sonya no longer remembered, falling after the first hit into the grass, burning with eternal fire.

Dressing, Sonya washes the crying face in the ice river. Then she returns to the foam and raises a terrible talisman from the grass. He burns sinelessly in her hand, swallowed with a ruby metal surface and a thin golden painting.

The warm, dark light penetrates into the Dream, healing the pain that still lives in it. It presses a sign to the lips.

“You love me,” says Sonya, breathing in the golden profile. – You love me, Lenin.

Getting the mark to the shirt on the chest, Sonya goes into a shrinked explosion, in which no more ceiling rain falls, lies on the shop and, closing the eyes before the rain, thinks of Zoe, a dark-thinking girl from the Moscow school number 217, hanged by the fascists in the village of Petrochev, who, going to a partizan task, hidden her comsomolic mark in the shrink, stumbled on a young forest tree. And, and this sign belonged not to her at all, but appeared later in some museum, like the might of the saints dispersed over the earth, because any same heroine-comsomolka without a sign. And, and the Zoo itself was not wrapped, cruelly tempting and violating, unknown fascists, speaking in the animal language, but it simply disappeared unknown on the front, as infinite thousands of young comsomolks like her. And, it was not at all in the world, but only in the darkness of time it existed, born ignorance as Yes, even not she herself was important, untouchable martyr, either not alive, or dead long ago, and her dirty symbol, here is this ruby-golden sign, drunk of her blood, now condemned to burn forever, regardless of the truth that has gone into the past, whether it was true or not.

At the morning, Sonya slept, becoming entirely invisible in a burned house, and walked in a dream on the glowing golden rose night fields, screaming with the boss Zoya, on the neck of whom a dark trace of fence was seen.

The second face of Masha

And many of the nations, and the knees, and the languages, and the tribes will look at their bodies three and a half days, and they will not let their bodies be placed in the tombs.

But after three and a half days the spirit of life from God came into them, and they both stood on their feet, and great fear attacked those who looked at them.

Chapter 11.9 and 11.11

It wakes up in the upcoming evening darkness. The rain has stopped, but the sky that pressed the shocking mouth before the pressure of a cold wind remains sad and dark. Long away from the rock'n'roll Sonya finds a iron that replaces Tane's hand, on which a piece of burned wire has still been preserved with the layers of her flesh, similar to black floated cheese. Smiling that Tane is now returned to a pioneer saluta in the stone forest her real hand, Sonya throws the iron from the shore. Then she goes long against the flow, but does not find the bridge she needs to move to the other side and continue the way to the east, where there is a tree in the field, and under it a rubber tractor.

It’s already dark when Sonya comes out to a boat station covered by a wire hole, where stables are unboatable boats, turned up by daystones, and where the dirty dogs live together with the former boat guard of the boat station Gregory, long dismissed from the lack of money on the salary, but continuing to exist on the territory of the station from the absence of any alternative. The Alien was very young and afraid of the Gregory's wave, but he didn't go, but only drank a vodka, stuck in the guard on the shells and dropped the dog. He captured him not the fear, but the need, because he had no money to pay. The station was closed to the castle, and Gregory began to live on it calmly, although without a fee, hunting in the river fish and picking around the neighboring villages for bread. The clothes of him almost stalled, the body was high, the eyes were burned, And Gregory gained such a appearance that a man from the monastery shatons, who had come into a poor place, accepted him as a new mobilier and for some time lived with him in a guard, paying attention to Gregory's cravings and devote the teacher's feeding with the cake with the cravings. But with the advent of the cold monks did not take the burden of the station's existence and disappeared, leaving under the shop a dirty knife and a dirty booklet with the orders of the unknown saints.

Until that day when Sonya stumbled at the gate of the station, Gregory had not eaten anything for a week and no need for food anymore. He did not need movement, sitting in the dark room of the station on a boiled chair and waiting for the arrival of death. Death Gregory considered as a normal continuation of life, but that is where neither food nor drink a man no longer needs, so he can freely rise up and go on the winding autumn roads far away, cross the light. For a long walk Gregory had already prepared himself a palm, because the feet could themselves. Not to go, and now carefully listened to what is happening, not trusting the weakened vision, to immediately determine the occurrence of death and not to suffer more stupid expectations.

Seeing Sonya, Gregory immediately realizes that this is the holy girl of Praskovy Palchikova, who walks everywhere on foot and exposes himself to the Sheep people to disturbance, trying to shame them with its purity. She is born from the earth and her father is God, who represents Gregory a great shameful man with unwashed beard, swallowed legs and an unwashed look of big clear eyes. Gregory knows that God drinks vodka, taking it with a cheese cabbage and bread, and no longer eats anything by its natural simplicity. But people act as scotch, God is ashamed and breathing, carefully thinking with a big broken head, how to fix the matter.

Gregory is pleased with Sonny's arrival and decides not to let her go to the station, so that she's ashamed with her disturbing hardness. The girl is probably hungry and stretched, her skin is so thin that the blood vessels shine. In a weak hope that the sad man will let go and give a little food, she's knocking in the rough gate. Gregory looks at her through the eyelid, very ashamed, and the purity of Paraskeva, thrown by the Father into the unhuman cold world, humiliates him to the quiet prayer battle.

Untouched, Sonya goes away. Gregory hears how her little boys' legs put on the ground. The Blessed God's shame fills Gregory and from his eyes is scattered with tears. At the same moment, the door of the guard opens and enters Sonya, carefully washing her legs on the threshold. After closing the door, she sits on a lounge against Gregory, putting on the knees the frozen hands. The God's shame is baptized, devoted by the holy force that does not allow him to stay with a little shame.

- Do you have a boat? - asks Sonya, looking at the fingers of her hands. Gregory doesn't answer her, gently looking at Sonya's face and finding in her signs of Shepherd's disturbance. In Sonya's bright hair, the earth was stuck, on the nose of a carpet, the jacket was packed with dirty grass and sand. From all this Gregory is baptized again.

“I need to go to the shore,” says Sonya.

Gregory walks and baptizes again because he knows that on that shore the girl will be even more tortured, and then they will be completely killed. There, on the forest hill, unavailable to the heavy November clouds, there is an abandoned church, from which the devil wickedness reigns over the unlife fields. If not the river flowing from the holy subterranean cave, the wickedness long ago would have come and eaten Gregory, without breaking the hardness of the dry to the bones of the old meat. Two villages, located on that shore above the flow, completely Gregory saw several times the burns burning near the church and he heard a strange satanic song, and one day he noticed on a sand hair a woman in black, washing in the ice river his strange silent baby.

Sonya raises her clean eyes on Grigory, full of unterrestrial sorrow.

The boatman stands up and goes to the door, cleansing the transparent tears from the many-day mishealth. The naive sacrifice of the God’s daughter takes away from him strength. He understands that even the regret is inappropriate when performing the prejudice of God. Hardly stumbling into the water the old boat, Gregory prays, acknowledges to the cattle-looking heavenly man that he has completely passed through, and decides to go in search of salvation in the remote monasteries, without waiting for this death.

Once upon a time, he lifts up the shadows, Gregory carries Sonya for a struggle. She sits quietly, still putting her hands on her knees, and looks at the water. Once she even smiles as a child, Gregory wants to turn back, but, pressing her teeth, she does not undergo the weakness and continues her hard Jewish work, listening to the breath of the girl's terrible suffering.

When the nose of the boat is hit in the sand, Grigory is frozen in stagnation, looking into the cold, unpleasant space. Sonya is chosen from the boat to the unseen dead grass.

“God help you, girl,” says Gregory, baptizing and losing the substantial tears.

“Thank you,” Sonya replies and glides the old man with his hand on his shoulder. Fearing as if the forces did not leave him at all, Grigory falls down in the rain. Pressing from the fever of the neck, he climbs to the middle of the river, where he releases the veils and looks back. Sonya is no longer on the shore, and the place where her legs stabbed, looks empty and terrible. Then Grigory begins to throw out, closing his faces with his hands and not noticing that in his old boat has already fully flown through the proboin under a ban of water, which continues to arrive.

Sonya walks through a trap between huge black trees. There is no star in the sky. A terrible silence is slowly flowing around Sonya, a quiet waterfall breaks through the edge of a closed forest of the horizon. Sonya is suffering by hunger, and when she sees a small window light behind the branches, she immediately turns down from the trap in the hope of finding something to eat near the human housing. When she is picked out of the bull-red shell, she sees a stone church in the middle, surrounded by the crosses of the Orthodox tombs, in a blue shell. From the church it smells a raw stone and a dirty leaf; with his feet in the stairs, Sonia with his two hands moves a heavy door and dangerously penetrates into the wet darkness; there, in a spatial grave darkness, an Alexander's light brings a fire circle, through which the satanic blood of two God's forgotten villages: the Little and the Great Horocks.

It began a few years ago, when in the evil of the old Pelagea from the Little Horohovka in brutal births, her desirable grandmother Milka, who even on the village manless, walked through the fields of her stomach. Milka before her death was pressed and blewed, the reva was stumbled from pain, but from her only flowed blood, and the child never came out. When the potasque was forever silent, Pelagea with a snoring broke her swollen abdomen, just repeatedly broke through the autumn of the pigs, and pulled out the uretch, such a terrible and large that the child did not come out. The old man immediately ceased to be surprised by Milkine's death. The narcissist was alive and hairy, but she could not even swallow from her madness, but she only cried out, she sprinkled the blood and cried out in the hands of the wicked. Pelagia, however, regretted her, surrounded Masha and gave her to the food of the village fool Matrione, who was hiding from Pelagia from psychiatric doctors and by foolishness always was with the milk, which she usually gave every morning to the Pelagia old man Trophy for a therapeutic drink. All of the living, Masha with a crack kissed the rising Matriona for the chest and slowly but continuously rejuvenated.

Soon on the Great Horohovka, which was actually more than the Little almost twice, there was a rumor of a terrible dwarf riding on the roof in the house of Pelagia and lifting the dead out of the tombs. On the valleys they talked about the fact that the cabbage is now born from the devil badly, that in the village church blacked the shakes targeting the icon of the Mother of God and that in the last two years in the Great Horohovka three elders and two grandparents died, and in the Little - no one. The two villages were settled together by the elders, all the young people were traveling through the cities, On the third spring to the Little Horohovka went the Bolshevik grandfather Pancrates with a request to give the urine to live in the Great, and from the Little to use it as appropriate. On the Pancrates the mother's rope collapsed, and around the Little rapidly began to build a strong plateau.

Nevertheless, the Bolshevik could not simply so humiliate with their eternal domination in the village of death horror, and in the dark Mart night Pancrates, drunking the vodka and the throat of the front songs, on the colchoz combo broke the plateau, and the crowd of the highs of hunger and weakness of the Bolshevik old men, armed with the topors, the knives of the villas, runned into the formed breach. The Pelagea fought with a cocher, whose mother and mother broke the head of the enemy old men and scratched the brains to the ground, not saved at the same time and her cousin Tamara Lukichnu, whose after Pelagea's blow even from the mouth something originated with a rubber, as from a falling wheat. Pancrates, who pushed the combain wearing with the towers on the courts in the bedrooms and the towers of the enemy old men, gathered to move and Pelagea, But Trophim dissolved in him by the hunter a two-layer, and the combo with the dead driver with a rush crashed in the saray, destroying Pelagee all the six chickens. After that, in the absence of the patterns, Trophim skillfully armed the example, but received the topor in the neck and the fall, cracks and flushing the blood, at the threshold of his rush, on the body freshly hit them by the applause in the teeth of the Bolshevik old lady of Kondratyevna. The Pelagee was hanged by the villas to the wall of the broken saray and in the corches gave the soul of Satan, when she succeeded, guided. The second Malogorohovsky grandfather, Ivan Fedorovich, and the Bolshevik resigned, throwing the battle inventory and deadly investigated the enemy on arbitrary basis.

On the field of battle remained twelve bodies, not counting cows. But their death was not wasted, because after the death of the thirsty Pelagea came agreement, Masha was settled in the room of the neutral horohovsk church, and it turned out that on the roofs she does not use and the dead does not revive, but, gave to send his indicative finger, returns the young strength. After the battle in both villages remained only two men: Ivan Fedorovich from the Small and Neil Gavrilich from the Great, and now each of them has taken himself ten old men. Women, completely neglecting the former Christian custom. The divine old men worshipped, but submitted the sin, and soon came to the complete livestock, which was contributed to a lot by the old man's marriage and the penalty fall in childhood. In the warm summer days right on the rural streets you could see the poor half naked old men, the rough crowd performing group marriage right on the infertile land, or swallowing with a shining crown under the scream of unrighteous particles around the column, and even with the desire of climbing, folded with chicken holes on the plate, each with a compressed between the melted beds with a methole.

Another year passed, and the elderly began to be born children, curved and melted, as if they had already broken up, giving hope for the resurrection of the deceased were the villages. Masha to that time turned into a bright blade girl with a drown lower lips, she lived directly in the church, craved by the corners, and her memory exhausted some burning, unknown odor. With the help of her memory Masha constantly broke the icons, putting on the faces the eyes and moisturizing them the lips. After the holidays in the church read the Gospel backwards, plowed in the cross. And, in order to land on the altar, they urinated on the sacred scriptures.Masha led the orgy, screaming with a cryful voice of wrath, and at the end she always wiped out, throwing the revealed Bible, after which immediately began the falling sin.

When Sonya appears on the threshold of the church, the evening prayer goes, which is long-read by Neil Gavrilic, leaving the pants to his knees and walking replacing all the words in prayer with dishonesty. Over the altar climbs, turning and turning around his axis, the Masha cat hanged, from which the liquid cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle cattle. Their dry and natural faces seem to be completely identical to Son, as if Masha had created his own people in the Horohovks.

Neil Gavrilic ceases to worship and, directing the hairy rill to the door, he looks to the Son and throws down. According to the sign of this rill, the old men escalate and begin to swallow on the Son, five-pointly baptized with the hands free of candles. But Sonia looks not to them, but to the altar where Masha stands. The eyes of a small gorbon shine as black eggs yellow, spotted dirty hair swallow on both sides of the face. Keep the teeth compressed, it breaks the lips and gives a quiet swallow. Sonia feels like a talisman. With ice pain, she swallowed into her chest, as if she tried to hide behind the thin Sonina skin. From the pain, Sonya opened her mouth and pressed her cracks. With her tears she saw from the back wall of the church a huge man with the head of a cow, dressed in a black hole. His eyes, precisely the same as Masha, attach Sonya for his feet to the floor.

Father, cry Masha, let me kill her, Father, or you love her more than me.

Sunny can’t even scream or scream. She only feels the frozen look of the cowboy and the pain in the chest, where the talisman entered.

Let me kill her, Dad.

The old men throw on Sonya, catch her and tact like a doll, to the standing by the wall of a twisted cross of two browns. It is blurred, they divide Sonya, scratching her with sharp yellow nails, and binding down with their head for their feet on the cross. Neil Gavrilic cryfully calls to God to cover him with a selective disgrace rubber. The old Grigoryevna throws Sonya's hands with gloves to the translation. From the pain of Sonya's eyes and wild oret. The poor babies run out of all corners, scratch the bodies and dry the girls. with curved fingers in her eyes, and one of them, Ulyana Ignatyevna, touches Son's stomach with a rubber shell. Neil Gavrilic goes to the place of action to rape Sonya as long as she is still alive. But the turtle catches him beyond the edge of the rubber and he incomprehensibly and evil reves, touches his hands into the air. The end of the old becomes so much that they raise the cross with the Sonya attached to him and fix him on the wall.

In the shade of the candles there are traces of burns and bleachs on the body of Sonya. It comes a curve, from which the urine smells strongly. Sonya, curved from pain, looks into her turning face. The urine presses the broken hand to Sonya's stomach.

I will kill you and my strength will be greater; I will not share my strength; my strength will be everywhere; the Father will give you to me.

Masha stretches to the side of the hand hanging in the space. From the darkness a shell lies in it. Masha compresses the shell and puts a cold shell to Sonina's chest in front of the heart.

Go away, she speaks, and presses the whole body. The shilo with a quiet moist cry penetrates into the Sleep, which irritates, without closing the more glassing eyes.

Masha removes the shell, behind which from the hole in the Sonina chest immediately begins to flow blood, and turns to the hole.

“We’re going to share with her,” she says. – Let only blood flow on the floor of the temple.

On the background of the surprisingly opened stops of the eyes of the crucified and bloody Sonny begins the earth wedding.

The traveller Vasilius makes his morning circle. He has already drunk strongly for the painful need for daily humiliation, so his legs step unevenly, sadly moving the sinking gravius. Vasilius unreasonably gundits, trying the song to dissolve the monotonous thickness of his way, covered by frozen autumn rain. Over time he with a deep bell strikes the iron palm on the rail, listening to the reflection of the sound in the invisible field dal. The working life of Vasilius would be like the way of the asle, leaving away from his moisturizing autumn rain. The karavan, if not the drink, which he constantly swallowes into his throat. From the drink of Vasily everything is done to one place and he forgets his disappeared in the mirror donate karavan.

With the washing, Vasily raises his eyes from the spal and sees a naked, dirty young woman walking on the railway with a spoon of blood on the face. The woman who was raped and raped, he just looks at her naked legs walking on the legs. He knows that now he will have to give witnesses to the gray police, but he also does not look at it. He looks at the naked legs of the woman until she approaches very close. In her hand she holds a palm with two guns at the end. The woman passes through it. Vasily and he decides to wait a little before turning back and looking at her naked back. And then the puppy with two gloves will beat him back on his head.

The woman accelerates her slurry with the legs, then leaves her clothes from the basin and wears her on her own. From the pocket of an orange jacket she gets almost an empty bottle of wine and drinks the remainder. Then she picks the Vasily iron plate and again chooses her slurry. Invisibly looking far, she throws wet from the rain with a blurry of blood on her face. Then she smiles because she finally remembers her name. Her name is Natasha. From the body of Vasily she begins. His new bloody path.

At nine a.m. Natasha opens the door of the retired Hope Philippovna, leading the household in the apartment of her married son Roman. The rain has already finally melted from the face of Natasha the blood, and the iron plate she has thrown into the cows. Natasha is called a repair worker and gently asks for a drinking voice of water from the cran for the ease of thirst. Hope Philippovna, melting from the coming from Natasha they, which she explains by the simple origin of the girl, still brings her water in the cup, raising up from the door, taking advantage of it. What Natasha hardly beat her with a bull in the face. The retireer falls and Natasha stretches her foot, clearly enjoying the return force to her. Throwing the body into the apartment, she chooses her clothes and shoes from the closet of the murdered girl, throwing on her half a bottle of spirits, washing her hands and head in the bathroom, living eats the caught in the cell of a dirty puppy, not throwing even puppy, and thinly painting herself the dead lips found in the box of the mirror with a brush. hole on the sides of the nose, folds the hair with a cushion and melt the nails with a cushion, make it into a bottle with a pink lak. When she goes out of the apartment, from a ordinary young and cute woman she is distinguished only hidden in the bracelet of a duplicate kitchen topor for bone rubber.

About half of the eleven Natasha kills by a blow to his head in the parade nine-storey house of the sixth class student Volodya, who with his companion Igor walks school classes. Igor tries to escape, but Natasha pursues him on the stairs, catches for the shrub and also bits with a blow to his head. The boy's legs lose under his stairs, and he hangs in Natasha's hand. She breaks both students face to the wall of the parade and, holding them for their hair, melting his blood and his brains with thick stripes over his head. At the same time, she presents herself in the place of boys Sonya and her little friends.

After half an hour, Natasha attacks schoolgirl Lida, returning home after a short school day, only because she has the same color of hair as Sonny, throwing her into the shell, breathing and, spotting her throat, drinking her hot child’s blood, running Lida for the door of the jacket, holding the body for whiskey, so that the girl’s shoes stick to her knees. Then, putting Lida a shell on the parapet, Natasha and her mother scratch her head with a topor so that Lida doesn’t get up and don’t start walking again.

Around midday, Natasha in the shelter kills a mid-year-old woman with a tower on her head to take her a wallet with money. For this money, she purchases a real meat tower in a farm store, and the former is thrown into the sewage.

After that, Natasha runs around the city like a angry wolf, throwing the head to the children of the middle school age and melting them with light blood to the walls of the houses. She feels that the militia is already pressing around her the deadly ring. Sometimes she hears on the neighboring street the laid of the battle dogs and the exhausted clichés's arrow sirene. About four hours she is trying to arrest, and she runs in front of a militia car, pressing in the hand of the tower. Two militiaers, throwing, scream in front of her, ordering to stop. The bullets spread her clothes on her chest, swallowing her blood with a white bluz under a stretched double. Natasha with a scream strikes one of the police officers with a top, falling on the shoulder. The second continues to shoot in her back. One bullet strikes Natasha in the head. Despite the pain, she with a strong tower strikes the injured enemy falling on the asphalt and chooses a gun. The second police officer runs to the car. Hunting into the shouldered double and hiding in the pocket achieved weapons of remote action, Natasha goes dead The circle of its bloody trajectory is closed, returning to the chemical bastion in the middle of the fields. In the coming darkness it approaches the shrinking hole, from which it came out on the bright autumn sunlight and, stopping at the ground surface of the bus covered by the unrighteousness and throwing the head with a broken mouth, drinks cold rain.

It is at that moment Sonya begins to see again with her widely open eyes. This is a comsomol sign, hanged on the flame chest of a young partisan and now becoming part of Sonya's soul, protected the heart of the girl from a deadly blow by a shell. The cross on which she is crucified, already lies on the floor in the middle of the black church, and around Satan's old men sleep, preparing to burn and burn Sonya. At the altar sits the gorbath Masha, with naked hands burning a lot of raw sickness. Hands with the gloves and stands up from the cross. Canniballs sharked from it, surrounding the mounted Masha and the rope of the rope. Sonya raises his head to the chapel of the church and sees the painted there heavens, and burning with long tongues the sun in the middle of it. Sonya smiles, again finding the thread of his eternity and slowly rises into the air.

Oh, what freedom is filled with Sonny’s thin heart, when her legs break from the earth, seeking the drawn clouds, and her eyes gradually float across the columns, only for the truth of the supporters of the church... What darkness is flowing in her blood, full of star dust and the cold of endless spaces, which are unable to heat a single sun...

Closed at a height of three meters, Sonya looks down and encounters the evil look of a small hole. The old men of a stain of poor black birds shelst around their mastery with dry lips, throwing the forgiveness. Sonya takes with both hands from the painted sky the fire wheel and throwing it into the head. The burning old men of the wizja disappear throughout the church, illuminating their flame the long-forgotten icons. Like a bullshit chickmore, their exhausting pre-mortal screams a joyful echo. One after the other they fall on the ground, turning into a prolonged echo The wheels remind Sonna of her last pioneering summer.

One only Masha remains harmless after the hit of the fire wheel. The flame only burns her hair, and she, covering her broken hand face, continues to look at Sonya. Her eyes, however, have lost power over the rising Sonya body, in whose chest the rubin metal shines. When she understands this, the shell of invisible gravity passes through the suddenly moving Sonya in the air, swallowing her with the evil wind, and bits into the wall of the church, leaving the thresholds on the surface of the frescoes. The next blow goes into the darkness of a little bit. above Sonina's head. Sonya hardly manages to hide behind the nearest column and from there the second fire wheel slides into Masha. Gorbunia does not even try to avoid collision with him, the clothes on it burns out and spread by shrinked holes, opening the untouched fire skin. Two strikes of the giant melt shrink the column, behind which Sonya hangs in the air. From the cube a news raises, shrinking in her hair. Seeing a shrink in the body of the column, Sonya flies for the other, in the flight throwing the third wheel. She sees as a fire, after which Sonya hangs in the air. She shrinkes the Masha like the wicked water, burning the cracks that attach her hair. And she sees in the naked mouth of Masha her second face, small and evil. She sees the small legs and arms turning back from her back. She sees the Machine of the Siam Brother, who, eating the devil life force of the sister, grows slowly like trees.

The boundary wave of the next blow slows Sonino's shoulder and throws it back, turning in the air Sonino's body around the axis. It hardly manages to fall down so that it doesn't crash into the arc between the columns. Not spending more strength on the fire, Sonia flies on the hole, descending to the altar near which Masha stands. Immediately disclaiming Sonny's intentions, a small hole constantly holds her face, strikingly opening and closing her mouth like a rabbit. The church is shocked by falling on the walls of tarani strikes, one of the columns with a terrible It breaks down, a piece of the wall falls behind it, lifting the stole of dust and opening an enormous broken window in the raining rain night.

Flying from above, Sonya with a knees-to-mouth hit Masha from the legs and, pressing the girl's body to the floor and swallowing her tooth into the submarine, throwing her hands a small child's face on her back. From the Masha's throat, blood is throwing, she throwing and throwing in agony, trying her hands for her hair to remove from herself the air-to-mouth death. But Sonya with throwing hardly throwing the small mouth, throwing her eyebrows and throwing the child's breathing throat.

When Masha ceases to swallow, throwing out to the bone the booth legs, Sonya presses her teeth and sits next to her on her knees.

“No way to share the strength,” she says loudly, swallowing from the pain in the lips, although no one will hear it anymore.

With the knife found on the floor, Sonya cuts Mashe's throat and, holding her two hands for her whiskey, breaks her head and breaks out of the blood-covered neck. Then she cuts her right chest, cuts her blood on the floor and burns the chest over the bone on the knife's leaves. By absorbing the opposite to the taste burned meat, Sonya clothes and, whispering on the floor for the hair of the machine head, leaves the field of battle. Under the rain-covered sky she sees a cowboy standing on the knees in the dark river water. His eyes are closed.

Sonia with a stretch shrinking his head under his feet, into the aluminum water, which immediately fills the dead scaled face. The head shrinking, throwing into the depth of the long broken hair. The rabbits of the rain circles quickly shrink. When returning, Sonia goes between the broken tomb crosses to the forest.

Partisan

The fourth angel threw his cup on the sun, and it was given him to burn the people with fire.

of 16.8

The night darkness is already filling the building of the main workshop. Approaching the entrance, Natasha looks at the place where she fell, affected by poisoned worms in the face, and finds on the sand a trace of a blood spot. The black windows of the workshop with dusted glasses shining over her head. Signs of another, unrealistic time where it now exists. Is the dead afraid, she asks herself. Is the dead feel the rings of hopelessness on their body. I am now dead. Heaven spreads to me, and there is no paradise or paradise in it. Death is simple and not terrible, consisting only of blood flow and the crust of broken chest. Death is ordinary like sex, which also scares in childhood until you grow up, and it becomes unclear that what you were afraid is all done.

Natasha enters the shop. She climbs to the second floor and sits on the iron floor at the remains of the coast. She seems that the smell of Sonny is still felt under the slopes of the upward structures. Natasha takes the hand on the cooled coast pepper and hears how the karnism cries the rain.

Kostick and Luba return from the hunt for a full night. With a tiredness, characteristic of the only dead, they hunt the building of the cage, whispering behind the back legs of a swallowing dog. Natasha hears their steps. She takes a gun out of the pocket. Children pass under it and begin to climb the stairs. Suddenly Luba stops, feeling the smell of Natasha. Not yet seeing her, Kostick slowly leads a charged self-shooter into the darkness. Natasha shoots him into his head, once and again pressing a dog whispering into the emptiness of the pistol. After The first two shots Costis falls on the stairs, the next ball with the bell hits the perilo, but after that two more falls into the target. Natasha, not repeating the police's mistake, targets the eyes. Love pulls Costis out of the shooting zone, and Natasha, hiding the pistol in the pocket and pushing the tower, immediately jumps down, with a terrible blowing the legs on the iron floor. Love swits the iron into it and falls on the foot. Natasha is directed after a jump and with a sharp shoot thrown forward. With a bone of self shoot and a short shell, she releases into her stomach a poisoned garlic. With a terrible blow of the tower, Natasha breaks her shoulder and breaks her feet. With his knees on the chest of the boy, with a crazy stone covering his hands, Natasha throws his head with three hits of the tower. Then she pulls out of herself the garlic stuck in the stomach, catches Love for her hair and stretches the stairs upwards. The girl's knees bite in the iron corners of the stairs. Love looks up with one hand, which is still listening to. Throwing her sacrifice upward, Natasha with force throws her to the floor.

Where did the girl with white hair go?

“Svoloch,” curved from wild pain in the broken shoulder, Luba replies.

“I’m going to kill you,” says Natasha calmly.

Love is silent.Natasha is swallowing and bite her with a top on the neck, breaking the bone.Love's stupid figure with a wrap is crushed on the floor.

“No be, they went into the forest,” she screams with a voice breaking from the horror.

Why?

- I don't know, - the Lubi's foot begins to throw unbearable pain and the words run in her mouth. Natasha again catches her hair and raises her up from the floor. Lubi's face is closed by the hand. The torch with a crust bits her on the neck. After the second blow, the girl's body falls on the floor, the shoulder into the wall with a dark shell of blood. Natasha raises Lubi's head to the face, looking into the dead eyes, and then with a stretch she shakes her around the wall.

“Look, the forgiven little wicked,” she says the evil, turning to the missing Son and throwing the lens of the tower on the clothes on the body of a headless girl.

When Natasha comes out to a wet field space, she hears the strikes of a distant foam behind the forest, but looking at the sides, she can't see the foam, because in fact it's not a foam, but the echo of the titanium battle of Sonny with the mouth of Masha, breaking the stone walls of the ugly church. Dive into the unseen forest, Natasha thinks of the cold charming force of the stars that fell from the sky under the earth, and of her fate, losing the direction of the way in the intersection of water-capping trees. It finds a tree on which a terrible talisman lived in the square, and touches the wounds left on his corner with the iron Tania hand. It goes out to the fresh unrighteous crossing, swallowed by a half-burrelled burrell and explores the covered house without a roof standing next to the river.

The lava where Sonya slept, is still full of her gentle smell, and Natasha, sitting on the cortex, presses her mouth to a smooth from the human bodies board to imagine Sonya very close and see her clear eyes. And then she becomes scary because she suddenly realizes the broken hole and that Sonya has not destroyed her like others, but has left her to angry further. The causes of this act Natasha cannot explain to herself, but understands that Sonya has done it intentionally.

- Why did you not kill me? - she screams to the shop, and tears suddenly begin to flow from her eyes. The painful thickness compresses Natasha's cold heart, the painful thickness and pain. The outer side of her hand, she tries to remove tears, but they flow more and more, they don't stop them, as if the whole ice of Natasha's dark life was broken and it's his thick water.

On that shore, an automatic line is short and silent, as if a large wild caban fled to run through a cave.

She feels the output of existence in a cold alien autumn and her past life is a long sleep. She remembers the courtyard of the building school where she smoked with her friends, looking at the semi-transparent wall growing behind the stone roof of topolies, and the mother girl conversation. She remembers the angry events in the dark, smelling blurry living room, swallowing the nails in the edge of the shadows, and the thick war of her student She remembers the time of autumn rain, filled with full drunk and dances in the corridors, but can't remember what she felt then, and therefore the memory does not comfort, but only deepens Natasha's sadness in the dead past.

She cry for a long time until tears in her eyes end, and then stands up to walk the traces of Sonny to the end of the earth. She falls from the explosion to the shore, in which a dropped drops of rain grows in the water. The stairs of her elder are heard to walk on the moist sand soil and the bulbs of the broken grass. However, even this, almost dead-born, sound is sufficient for a sitting and stumbled partisan by the name of Upir to hear the presence of a stranger nearby.

The remains of the troops came here by the signs left on the branches by the companions. The missing were late to the place of gathering for a day, and the Bear knew they would never return again. Only the death could force his unbeatable warriors to break the order. Leading the remains to the unreplicably blood revenge, the Bear with horror, the first to wake up in many years of war, thought that the last battle was approaching.

The pepper attacks Natasha behind, separated from the brinked wall, and his heavy, wet and wicked body hits her with her legs with the stomach on the grass. By pressing the woman's hand to the ground, narrowly pressing the tower, the pepper presses her victim's knife under the ribs and silently orders her not to move. However, Natasha with an unexpected force for him turns down under him to the side and scratches out of the pistol the pepper into the stomach. In response to this, the wide army knife disappears the side of Natasha. Without the pain, she with the strength to move. battle the enemy with a lock into a rope and, releasing the hand with a top, leaves to the side to have space for the attack. The spray catches her for the foot and again falls up from the top, with a crust turning Natasha's hand holding the top. Natasha tries to shoot again, but the rifles have already ended, and the pistol directed to the partizan directly into the beast's eyes, only impotently shakes.

As a result of the wooden stone, a heavy bear of Bear appears soundlessly, growing on the bottom of the face with a long-closed bear. He is somewhat strange, and the Upir, badly scaling, runs to the side, leaving Natasha to lie on the spot of struggle. She stands on the fourth, holding on the broken side. The bear looks at the spots of blood covering Natasha's bluz in the places where police bullets entered her body. His paid gymnast is dark from water because the squad has just overcome the rear in the rear.

- How are they called? - he asks blindly, and his mouth, grown with hair, is as if it is pulled forward. - He is more like not a bear, but a huge monkey.

“Natasha,” Natasha replies, getting more comfortable and preparing for a deadly battle.

Who shot you?

and legally.

For what?

A lot of people were killed and they were shot.

How much?

I did not count.

Why did she kill?

Because I hate.

– So you’re not a partisan, – gladed Upir, holding for Natasha’s shot stomach. – And I’ve got you hardly shaken.

“You’re going to get me off,” the evil answered Natasha, climbing up from the ground. – There would be another gun in the pistol, the brain would shake you out.

On the shore there are two other partisans, one of them one eye, on the clique of the Rabbit, and the other is a dark-white woman in the roof of the road dirt, which is called Alena by the name of the Osp. The Rabbit tightenes on the back a hand shot for a brutal struggle, on the chest of the Osp is hanged a machine, and on the belt - three grenades. They rarely split, although in life they did not tolerate each other, but the death brought them love that does not require any kisses or other sexual grace.

– Our people are missing here – says the Bear. – Did you not hear them?

“You didn’t hear,” Natasha replied. – Or did they shoot it on the shore?

“I was shooting,” says Ospa. – The girl among the trees was surprised.

“I told you, there was nothing to eat,” the Rabbit laughed, showing the swallowed teeth.

- I have the eyes of wolves, - says Ospa with insult. - A real fascist girl, light-haired and born in her German. It was far away, so I followed it. How through the earth it failed. It goes out, it wasn't it really.

“I know this girl,” Natasha tells her. – It’s not a simple girl. – It’s a terrible swallow, a real fascist shit. – I want to kill her myself.

Do you need to judge the swing? - the swing of the swing. - The swing of the swing of the swing.

- Where did she go, in which direction? - Natasha turns to Ospa, turning from pain in the side.

There soon the forest ceases to grow and the German fields begin.

“It’s going to get to it,” Natasha decides badly.

The bear says, “Take the earth to go,” the bear says. – First we need to find ours.

- The glory here was a battle, - says Ospa. - The burned forest lies around.

The tanks. - The tanks. - The tanks. - The tanks.

The bear would go from the tanks to the forest.This is, know, new German cars without wings, which are hanging in the air like a cloud.

– Helicopters – says Ospa the word she once asked for at one Hitler boy. Ospa had to cut the boy four fingers until he revealed the military secret, and she was very proud of her patience.

“Oh, you, you’re a bad one, you’re riding into the dark sky of the Rabbit.

- Maybe someone has gone, - says the bear darkly. - Maybe even Sova.

The last fifth partisan with a crust is made from the crust with a crust. His hard red hair is long and confused like a grapefruit. The growth is small, and the spine is curved.

“There on the sand on the water there are traces of wolves,” he tells the Bear. – Three of us jumped into the river.

The bear pulls down the shark from his head, and the partisans are silent, and somewhere away the noise of the train is heard.

Natasha breaks the silence, examining the blood hands. No one responds to her because the squad is hunted with the dead companions.

Through the territory, the partisans find the remains of clothes and a dark place on the ground, where the bag fell, whose blood left a spot drawn down on the wall.

- Companions of warriors, - the Bear addresses the partisans, looking at their harsh unhuman faces. - We swear to our heroically dead comrades until the last drop of blood to fight against the bad fascism, as they did. - he turns to Natasha. - This girl whose chest, instead of love, met the enemy bullets, we take into our team.

“Thank you,” says Natasha.

— Tomorrow you’ll be a comsomol — says the Bear. — Ospah, give the new warrior Natasha a cut.

Ospah was far from her and shot a row on her feet, seeking to deprive the victim of the ability to move. Only one bullet came to the target, but that would be enough, don't make Sonya transparent as the cold air of the night. Sonya could disappear completely only in immobility, and while Ospah looked at the blood trace on the grass, standing just two steps from Sonya, sitting under the tree on the falling leaves, she had to suffer the opposite pain and press the wound on The partisan long and quietly studied the area, testing blood with the finger to taste and driving the dull of the automatic on the branches of the trees. When she finally left, married and hardly stumbling by the shoes in the leaf, Sonya let the blood calmly steak on the ground, closing her eyes from pain. She didn't know how many other partisan moves in the night forest and felt tired and unhappy. She thought about what would be if she fell under one of the strikes of Masha and the golden emal stars would forever stop in her eyes.

“You probably don’t care who keeps you,” she spotted to the talisman, heating her child’s heart under the skin. – You are as cruel as everyone else, you don’t know how to love me.

The hardest thing for Sonny is that she can’t rise over the heights of flying trees and fly to the north, without deforming her path due to their firmly stumbled stems. If the weather is unleashable, then if Sonny has exhausted to the boundary by removing from the space of fire wheels, whatever it is, she has to walk by foot, despite the crumble leg and the need as soon as possible to get away from the enemy path. In fact, Sonny suffers badly because she doesn’t know the history of the partisan movement. The end, otherwise, would be calm, because the partisan remains only five and they move to the opposite side, foolishly trying to find in the thick times of their tested combat companions.

On the bottom of the shell, where the frozen shell is flowing, it is cold and cheese. In the shell, Sonya finds a sleeping to the spring shell and eats it, heating pieces in the mouth before swallowing. She breaks out the sharp shell and throws out of the foot a bullet, which passed through the naked and seated at the skin itself on the other side.

Sonya comes out of the hole and goes long, so long that the forest begins to rise, as if it was a statue to invent new trees before Sonya’s eyes. She again feels the breath of the wind on the face’s skin and soon falls into the space covered by the combined fields. Walking by a booth on the flourished from the cold smelled under the winter land, Sonya thinks of her loneliness in the universe where there is no delicacy of real life. She thinks of the dead flowers whose buttons no longer reveal the sun of her beauty, and of the flying ones. The rain ended, from the break is the moon, illuminating the field and the tree, solely growing at the break of time, and the rubble tractor, loaded by the wheels into the neutral strip between heaven and earth.

Cold tractorist Fedor Petukhov left on his agricultural car for twenty-five years. The tractor he loved as his mother-in-law Evdokia Alekseevna, who died of a mental disorder when Fedor, drunk down in the field, fell under a seed and lost both legs. In the city hospital Fedor was given instead of the legs of the castle, on which he could walk but not drive heavy equipment. Fedor immediately began to drink the self-gone, not giving rest to the weakened from the body, and very quickly dropped to anger, began bite his wife and children, and during the New Year he even gave on the mouth to the chairman of the colch, the communist companion Gurina, when he tried to form Fedor in relation to family life. Because of such Shepherd behavior, the wife left Fedor, and the other colchists were backward to the angry tractorist, who was forever drunk and scared in unreliable bullying.

One day, when he swallowed by his habit to the state of a evil pig, Fedor swallowed in the summer evening around the village and unparalleledly revealed the famous song, his attention was suddenly attracted by the stars disappearing over the roofs of the crumbling in the upcoming darkness. Fedor slowed his scandalization and pulled out on the light, breaking his mouth, and then in his throat with a strong push suddenly entered the devil force of the unknown hero of the Great Patriotic War pilot Meresiev. On the cappuccino field, mounted with a mord and swallowing out of the broken paste, as if he sought to get rid of the drawing in it. In the midst of the field he made a long jump and, notining the balance, with the breakdown he fell to the ground, throwed the castles and the bow, grabbed with his hands and pulled away with the cults from the soil.

But the power of the dead pilot did not leave Fedor, and he finally swallowed, settled on the spaces of the fields and forgot his castles, and for moving in the space used the way of swallowing the field, reaching such a speed that neither on the combo nor on the tractor to escape him was impossible. Fedor was asking for the rain worms, which he excavated by a rill from the sheep, and also pushed the falling mass of chickens, which no one in him decided to pick up, and he ate them raw, lieing in the field under the days of the written raised tractor, The truth is, one day, a colloquial zoo technician Gregory tried to shoot the angry tractorist from the barbecue, but the Fedor's gun did not take.

When the crumble Sonya appears on the forest horizon, shining the Fedor area from the south, he is just out of the tractor and falls on the border, rejoicing the end of a long rain and the arrival of the flight weather. The moon illuminates his mixed with the earth hair and the wind strikes from the sky to the face. As he climbs, Fedor breaks his braceleted hands like wings, and the darkness of the earth fuses for him with the dark sky, as always happens, before he goes on his rope tractor in a battle flight. The circle stands clean, washed hands. The rain, the deadly silence of autumn. Fedor flies, one, free from a heavy military car.

The sun stops over it, removing a almost transparent shadow from the floating moon in the sky.

— Where are you flying, my uncle? — she asks quietly, so that she doesn’t hinder a couple of people. — To the stars?

Fedor looks at her absently.

“I’m breathing before the training air struggle,” he replied unhumanly. – Go, girl, don’t bother.

“I was told that there nearby is a stone forest,” says Sonya modestly, swallowing to catch the wounded naked.

“The stone forest is not here, but very far, but no one believes in it, and I saw it from the plane,” Fedor says.

— I believe — says Sonya. — Show me the way?

“You’re not going to come, girl,” Fedor breathes up, somehow disturbed by Sonny’s understanding to a state close to the human. – You’re wounded out and your leg.

Where is your plane?

- But now, it's right. - Fedor swallows his hand toward the tractor. - But there's no fuel.

- How is it without fuel? - asks Sonya, unbelievably examining the rubber-covered mechanism, whose wheels are immersed in the ground as in coastal water.

“The hotest near the colloquial museum in the veil stands, only I can’t get there, I can’t go through the hill.

Not only did not find any ability to fly in the tractor, but also doubted its mobility, Sonya breathed up.

- You, girl, don't sad, the car is in full order. - Fedor, climbing up on the curves of the straight hands, runs to the tractor wheel, where the gloves are curved with the stars, indicating probably the number of broken enemy tractors. - Go for the burning and immediately fly.

What is your museum? - What is your museum? - What is your museum?

- And right you go, you go out to the outskirts, to the outskirts of the Volodki, so through it and go straight, you go to the outskirts, and the right is a calice. you go, Kirillovna will throw you. you say, the museum has come to see.

I understood.

In the moon light you can see the small sheltered houses of the countryside, hiding behind the sad flying apples their oldness. Far, in the middle of the fields, a large building burns with a single yellow fountain, where the colloquial technique stands up to the spring. Hearing Sonny’s approach, the countryside dogs raise the lake.

The Colchose Museum is more on the shore, from the wall of which a three-step hand tightenes a candle for holidays red signs. The shell on it climbed, the courtyard grows with a dry bury, and the glass in the dark window is broken in the middle of a stone, from the inside the window is folded with plates. Sonya climbs into the plate with the inscription "Museum of Colchose named Michurin", coated on the shore. No one responds to the climb, and Sonya with the force bits the foot in the shore. The dog in the neighboring courtyard is climbed from the shore, on the grinding chain. From the shore. The museum appears Kirillovna with a fishing lamp. She lights in Sonny's swallowing face, not able to wake up from a long pre-death sleep. Her face, swallowed like an old apple, expresses fear about the arrival of an unknown being, because the old man fears whether death has come for her.

“I, my grandmother, came from the city to see the museum,” says Sonya, closing her eyes with her hand.

The museum is closed in the morning. - The museum is closed in the morning.

I need to go to school in the morning, says Sonja.

Immediately believing Sonny as the reality of her substrate life, Kirillowna removes the calice, and the crazy comes out of the blocknote to write out the girl’s ticket.

I just don’t have the money. – Sonya is sadly breathing. – I put them all on the train.

“You don’t need money, granddaughter,” Kirillovna says, stretching Son’s high-handed sheet of a blocknote on which something is scratched with a stumbled pencil. – All of a long time, no one has come to the museum to see.

Inside the museum is close, the main part of it is occupied by the iron oven and the Kirillovny bed, on the wall in front of the window is hanged a hole-right barhat of the colloquial mail board, to which the photo cards of the chairman of the colloquial and other communists and communists are attached, mostly long already dead. On the back wall is hanged a portrait of an old man in the professor's glasses and at the border, due to paint the great selector Michurin, whose name is called the colloquial. Under the portrait is a table with a two-litre bank from the bottom. The corners, on the bottom of which were saturated dull mushrooms and dirty dirt.

Kirillovna burns a naked lamp growing on the wire right from the wall and tells Sonny the legendary story of the formation of a colchose, starting in the mythical years of collectivization and struggle against the dirty curl force. Sonny doesn't listen to her, carefully looking at the portrait of the old man above the table and throwing with his hands the wire of his dirty jacket.

What is it with you in the bank, suddenly she asks Kirillowna about nothing.

Shaken by the interpretation of Kirillovna stupidly looks at the dried glass of the bank, on which there are still traces of a badly drawn stick.

“This is, baby, the seeds of the granate eucalyptus that the scientist Michurin gave to our colloquium,” she finally remembers.

- What do you do with them? - Sonya is interested in going to the bank.

These seeds will go down in our dead land, and the memory of the great garden will die. Here they lie here for many years, communism is waiting for the whole land to revive.

“And you can see,” says Sonya, catches the bank and puts it out on the table.

– Can’t! – the old-fashioned whispering from the holiness of Kirillovna. – What do you do, madness!

Sonya succeeds to see a few large black seeds in a piece of dust and dried mush before the old man pulls it out of the table. Sonya turns and with all the strength hits Kirillovna with a bank on his head. The bank trembles and falls down in the Sonny's hands, and Kirillovna falls down on the floor, only after that putting his hand on his forehead.

“You want to kill,” she says cryfully.

Sonya, swallowing her knees on the chest of Kirillovny, stretches her van from the bed and presses her hand to the face of the old woman. Kirillovna washes and drinks, breathing and slowly striking with the wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath-wrath. On the table the seeds of mychurine and hid them in the pocket of the jacket. Then she finds in the courtyard a wider, which Fedor talked about. It finds it full of simple blooming rain water.

When Sonya brings a lot of wheat, he is already sitting in his car, with a slurry moving long spots. He throws the brought fluid into the engine, the tractor crisp cough, dragging from the place, and begins to throw loudly. Sonya succeeds to rise to the cabin stage before Fedor, with a furious war climbing in the seat, moves the car from its nestes. Shiting, the tractor is chosen on the rural road, throwing the wheels of the room of raw land. screaming the mother's teams and sometimes sharply and sharply fighting.

To the nightlight, Sonya takes on the drawn knees of the tractorist, hugs him with his hands for his neck and, clinging his head to his chest, falls asleep, tired of the last night. And Fedor alone continues to take her where he has never been.

The spine with the cramp corches on the grass, from the mouth it is made by a bright-green pen, and the rays are completely unseen between the broken centuries.

“It’s like it’s crying, it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it’s like it.

“Look, you’ll breathe, Ospah, it’s worried about the Rabbit, boating around the lieing girlfriend and scratching the shoulder to the shoulder.

“In the pagans there is strength,” says the bear, kissing the niche.

Natasha lies on a lock, next to a falling stool and looks as she throws with her fingers the grass suffering by the shamancy of a partizan. The leather smokes the self-rush and cleans the weapons, shrinking on the river. The invisible Piper carries a guard wast in the busts. The rain has stopped, and because of the grey shadow clouds mysteriously looks a bright moon.

- I see! - I suddenly look at Ospa, touching the hand into the sky and swallowing the pen. The rat falls on it and strongly holds it behind its shoulders, until the beaten condrash tells the strong body of his friend. - I see the gardens fireful, on the water black growing! - I see the girl, on the north she eats, on the north she carries, the earth's skin tells! - the devil carries her, the devil tells her, the untouchable force of the fascist! - the birds tells meat, tells meat, tells meat, tells meat, tells meat, tells meat, tells meat, tells meat, tells meat, tells meat, tellsat meat, tellsat meat meat, tellsat meat meat, tellsat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat meat - She cries many times, throwing out under the Rabbit. - Rosie blue, meat blood!

The leather, who succeeded in the support of the river, hangs the head of Ospa with a glazed river water from a cottage. The bear runs up, swallowing a hat on his head. Through the narrow melty cuts in his face his eyes are not better looking to the north, as if he is thinking about how to end with the whole world.

In the unclear light of the emerging November morning on the bridge through the river brakes a car with the inscription “Bread”. When he signs, the driver springs on the asphalt and approaches the leaked shlagbaum. His unbritted rouge distortedly reflects in the glass of the butterfly, becoming like a cylindrical swine roll. He crushes on the shlagbaum with a mounting and folds the matto on the butterfly, throwing the waterproof eyes. In response, it sounds an automatic turn. The driver predors the balls that fall into it, and he crushedly falls with the back on the asphalt, a swine roll. In the cloud appears a curved figure of the Lech, who, holding the hand of the weapon and the smoke of the self-crowd, first tries the driver's face with a hat, and then inspects the truck. A short slide means that the car is in order. appearing from under the bridge, as if from under the ground, the partisans are loaded into the cows, throwing the boats with enemy food straight into the river. The Lech raises the slagbaum, passing through the body of the fascist regulator lies in the booth and raises into the cabin. Crossing the bridge, the truck runs, And in his mouth he feels increasing anger.

The sun rises when it’s already quite light. Over it moves a thick smoke clouds, a blueberries in which the rays of the autumn sun are shining along the edges. The wrath of the coming tractor breaks the silence of the winter-sleeping fields. Five birds swim on a small wave of wind to the east, believing that there is still a lot of heat and light from where the sun rises.

The partisan runs the tractor around midday, when the road crosses the flying forest. The truck goes to the river and, stopping meters at fifty in front of the road, turns out and slowly runs to the tractor. Behind the crossing, the partisan runs into the roadless dirt and walk in the pedestrian way behind the car.

-Save me! - screams the Lessy from the climbing cabin.

-Save up! - screams Ospa and screams with the automatic.

Fedor slows the movement without switching off the engine. Sonya slows from his knees, without making sharp movements so that the shooting does not begin. Her body slightly slows from the fear of heavy bullets.

“Take the lives,” the Bear scratches, hardly destroying the water-filled wheel with the shoes.

The proximity of the vehicles continues slowly. Fedor окоstenelo looks at the brushed dirty front glass of the truck and the terrible glowing face of the Soviet car, scaling its jaber pad. Natasha goes to the left side of the truck, pressing the laked nails of the cut. A thin hair stretch falls on her face and she sweeps her through the pressed lips. On her belt she has a bond stretching the wounded side. She looks into the bright semi-transparent eyes of Sonny, quiet and unmoving like the stars. She looks at Sonny's unbroken hair and her hand lifted up, thin spots coming out of the jacket gloves. She looks at the open hands of the girl showing that she has no weapons, and she sees a glowing blank yellow light metro circle in the air above the ends of her fingers. As fascinated she looks at Natasha on a clear sunny ring, slightly swallowed by the field wind, until it breaks out of its place and, soundlessly jumping into the space, with the bell expands the glass of the truck and covers it. The cabin with fire.

With a wild war, the Lexius is jumping out of the cabin to the edge, wearing it burns. Natasha is looking for Sonya with her eyes to shoot her out of the edge, but Sonya is no longer, she only sees the shy face of Fedor, directing the tractor directly to her to turn the left thrown by the driver of the truck. Natasha is throwing into the trees, on the walk shooting on the tractorist, behind her the Bear opens fire from the automatic. The bullets break the body of Fedor, throwing out of his clothes blood together with meat, but the hard hands of nothing more and more spread. The bear returns to the side, continuing to insert in the Fedor the bullet for the bullet, from somewhere on the other side of the road, covering the wreck of the motor, begins to strike the bullet of the Rabbit. The tracker tires break, it begins to strike in dirt. Somewhere on the other side, a truck crashes into the tree, ultimately breaking its burning cabin. The tracker crosses the fire wave, penetrating the flame standing in the middle of the bear wheel. From the pain, the commander of the team strikingly revolves and flies under the trees cover. Far in front of the tractor Natasha notices the riding Sonya, who has lost its invisibility from rapid movement. Natasha targets it by applying a cut to the shoulder. The Sonya figure floats in the hot air, leaving from the fire-covered tractor, where he finds himself the worthy big Viking funeral of the footless Fedor, and suddenly simply disappears in the air. Natasha cries from evil anger and hardly begins to run behind her, but the road ahead is completely empty, and she soon stops, impotently riding. And, lifting the cut, he does not aim to shoot into the lifeless forest.

Black Moscow

He put his right on me.

And he said to me, Don’t be afraid.

I am the First and the Last and the Living.

And he was dead, and he was alive in the ages, Amin.

I have the keys of hell and death.

Apocalypse 1.17 – 1.18

On the way, breaking the jacket and throwing it on the road, Sonya escapes and escapes from the place of battle, not noticing that neither the partisan nor the hot cars behind there are anymore. She stops only when light snowflakes appear from the air, falling to the face and cold drops remaining on the skin. After closing her eyes, she looks back and sees only the field under a smooth snow sky. In the field there is such a silence that it is heard as snowflakes shurry on each other. Sonya goes on the way covered by a white flame, leaving small drops on the skin. The stone traces until the wide dark strip of stone trees appears in front.

The stone forest is filled with the cemetery snow rest. Sonia does not reflect either in the mirror corner of the black stones that rise into the clouds of the winter sky, or in the perluminously dead labyrinth of the antracite branches, as if it does not exist in reality. Here the snow falls continuously and slowly, not worried by any wind, and no bird interrupts the immobility of the trees once covered by the irreversible eternity of its new material.

Sonya goes deeper into the forest, feeling on the face the burning breath of the reign of the cold in it, but the snow no longer regrets her boss's legs, but only with a gentle crust turns them into its soft hands. With the slope of falling snowflakes Sonya begins to distinguish among the slopes the frozen figures of the dead pioneers, lifting the hands for the saluta and directly looking with the blue faces in the eternal rest of winter. The dream passes through them, looking into the quiet young faces with the same clear eyes as she has. It finds among them Tania, tightly drawn to the mirror stool with an elevated hand, and this new hand, unknown to the blood and poisonous night rain, seems cleanest thoroughly washed by the death of the body of Tania.

- You will know me, Tanya? - Sonya asks, standing in front of Tanya. - Tanya is silent. - Her eyes look through Sonya in the vertical flow of snow. - Turning back, Sonya sees that Alexey stands in front of Tanya, and his face is no longer dark, but full of a clear and bright sight of time, to which it is intended to come over many years.

-Tanya, it's me, Sonya, Sonya touches the fingers of the girl's face. Sonya's skin is cold like the river ice. She doesn't hear Sonya's voice, she continues to look at her friend Alexey. Her hair is covered by another, and her hair is full of snowflakes attacking from the sky. Sonya puts her hands on the shakes of the shakes and breaths her face. But even her hot breath can't break the eternal frozeness of the frozen dream of Tanya.

Sonya walks through a stone forest, sometimes falls to another boy or another girl and foolishly tries to make them remember life. She glides the pioneers with her hands, kisses their blue with the golden lips of the face, presses to them her burning heart. However, a terrible eternal cold, without temperature, stronger than Sonya's love, and the pioneers continue to give their salut, and the snow continues to fall as the frogs flowing on the sky of ice cows, and the mirror trees, as if covered with a negative film, reflect its continuous Moving down.

The forest rides and Sonya runs out on the endless marble space. Snow doesn't lie on it, but Sonya's legs still penetrate the frozen needles when she's footing on a polished black stone. In the midst of the stone space stands a huge black pyramid, and twelve beautiful comsomolks with folded hair, in black clothes up to the knees, hold in their hands lightning burning with the blue flame of the communist spring.

The sony slowly approaches the pyramid, and the snowflakes hang on its immeasurable eyes. It approaches the stairs that rise through the pyramid wall to the top. The comsomolks descend to it, unheardly staying with thin boss legs on wide marble stairs.

“Hello, a brave girl,” one of them, who has castan hair, screams to her. – You’ve finally come, a girl with a terrible talisman in her chest, so that the sun of hope may rise over the eternal winter.

Who are you? asked Sonya.

We are the messengers of the Black Pyramid, the guardians of the eternal fire of communism, we, the comsomolks, who have died young and sineless, collect human blood so that the fire of communism does not fall into the hearts of future generations. Our hair cannot be broken, because it is bound by the Lord’s covenant, our clothes cannot be removed, because it is bound by the Lord’s covenant, our thoughts are always clean, because the Lord’s thought lasts forever in them.

- Lenin, - said Sonya quietly, closing his eyes. - He is here, next.

“Lenin is asleep,” he screams a comsomol with castan hair, which is called Vera. – In his Black Mausoleum, on the Black Square of the Black Kremlin.

— Sleep? — asked Sonya again.

“The eternal cold cries the leader, the power of the terrible forgiveness saves his death dream,” the second girl whose hair is broken and the name of the wife screams. “No one, no one can penetrate the Black Mausoleum because there is no entrance there. Only you can do this, you, a brave girl with a terrible talisman in the chest. But for this you have to enter the Black Kremlin, which is saved by the dead communists. They can kill you with eternal death. They can do so that you will disappear forever. They will soon penetrate here, because the fire of communism is weakening, and he is lacking a pure human blood.

“Yes, the human blood has become dirty,” the black-haired weak comsomol with Son’s familiar faces are breathing.

– I’ve seen you somewhere? – asked Sonya. – I think you know your face.

– Of course you saw me, – the girl smiles with a gentle sadness. – Look, – she pulls out the garment with her hand, showing a violet rubber on a thin neck.

So you’re living here, so they couldn’t hang you.

I was alive before the revolution, and human death is not powered by me, but soon we will all die.

I’m going to go and wake up Lenin.

“I’m very sorry for you, brave girl,” says Zoya. – But you have too little strength to defeat the dead communists.

- She has a terrible talisman in her chest. - Faith breaks her. - Maybe he will help her.

- What do you do? - asked Sonya. - Do you don't help me?

“We can’t leave the Black Pyramid,” Anya said, “this is the command of the leader, and we can’t break it, we have to defend the fire of communism until the last.

“But we can do something for you,” added Zoya quietly. ”We’ll give you a little holy fire.

Zoya turns around and approaches the wall of the Black Pyramid, fuses with its reflection and disappears. Soon it returns, holding in his hand the mirror of blind light.

“This is enough to destroy the cold of death for one man outside,” she screams, moving the fire into Sonny’s stretched hand. – My dear girl, this is all we can help you.

The cosmic ice again fills Sonya as it is removed from the Black Pyramid, so it even becomes difficult to breathe. With the boat's hands, it carries the light of holy fire into the stone forest, afraid that the falling snow can put it down on its way. The fire is still heating its hands, and Sonya is running, pressing its hands to its chest and jumping on the ice black marble. It flies to the first pioneer standing at its back, stumbling and just falling into the tomb, and pressing the light of the flame given to it with its hands. the back.

For a while the pioneer remains stable, and Sonya, hiding his breath, looks at his thin hand raised in the salute. The end of the hand slowly falls down and tights the other from the face.

Her voice sounds somewhat strange in the pressing snow silence of the stone forest.

The boy turns to Son. He has a thin face and dark chicken hair. A pioneer drum hangs on his chest.

“I’ve awakened you,” she says. – Lenin’s case is in danger. as long as he is asleep, the fire of communism can shut down.

The pioneer raises his eyes to the sky, as if something is remembered, and Sonya is afraid whether he is not forgotten from a cold sleep who is Lenin, but the boy's hands suddenly catch the bubble folds and the dry piece of the pioneer anxiety sounds in the stone forest. The pioneer screams desperately, distorting his thin face, and Sonya sees the dead pioneers wake up from the sleep throughout the forest, ready to fulfill their sacred duty.

“That’s what I’m going to do,” Uppyr scratched, seeing the Sonya jacket thrown on the road.

“It’s just a jacket,” says Lechy coldly, looking into the field binocle. – And the girls are not in it.

Ospah is shaken by a mat and flows into the unusually clean snow of the abandoned road. The left turns the binocle perpendicularly on the road and sees in it the endless black walls of Moscow.

Mosque, Mosque, Mosque, Mosque, Mosque, Mosque

The bear long looks at the picked by the Lech's binocle and the snake smells the falling snow. Apologizing for his bad sign, the partisans swallow from the road and the snowed field go to Black Moscow. Their ventilated faces shrink from the fasting frozen. Well, it's heard of the Bear begins to sing a dark partisans song, telling about the unbeatable toss of alive dead left in the enemy back.

The walls of Moscow quietly grow out of the snow desert, like a huge shrinking on the partisan armored ship. Metal automated to the slump in the bones frozen Natasha's hands, ice gloves deeper penetrate into the eyes, with pain pressing tears falling out of its white shakes, and dry lips pulled into a stable shape of a smile. With this smile, Natasha's doll goes through the bulgar field, and in front of her eyes, a cold-blood sea flies to the desert winter shore.

“Stop,” the Bear quietly commands. on the side of the trail of the squad in the middle of the field stands a man in a military shinel and a shingle with a half-strolled algae star.

Who will you be? - Who will you be? - Who will you be? - Who will you be?

The soldier turns. His face is covered with untouchable worms of the battles passed.

“I’m a soldier,” he just replied. – I don’t even have any names.

“Remove the wing, and then I’ll shoot,” he tells the Rabbit, putting a bullet in front of him.

- Shoot, shoot, the bullet doesn't take me, - said the soldier quietly. - I stand here at the guard, soon an enemy attack will be.

To check the Bear shoot into the soldier alone. The gun breaks the gymnast into the belly of the fighter, without even giving blood.

“Our,” the Bear reves, looking into the rough hole on the gymnast, behind which the emptiness is dark. – Tell us where the enemy is, we will be until the last.

“This is the last border,” the soldiers answered. – Moscow is behind us.

Without working to throw the frozen land, the partisans lie in the field, preparing for the battle. The unknown Soldier stands over them like a flag. Natasha is arranged behind the hole of the flooded land, laying on a blood-packed nose plate of patterns. It closes the eyes so that they are less sick of the frozen. A bubble battle is distributed far away.

They are going. - They are going. - They are going. - They are going.

Through the snowed desert moves the cut chains of dead pioneers, the cheek of the boyfriends of the steps. The child's blood is dried through the melty of yellow gloves on their necks. They approach more and more, and the song of the bubble is drawn up, talking about the immeasurable and eternal joy of dying for the work of Lenin. This song flies over the beautiful white child's faces, glowing the happiness of the justified death, and the partisans chain in their tombs, like the puppets made on the January ice. The golden lips of the children are shed in a transparent pioneer flame, The strength of which grows, even the snowflake that falls from the sky becomes gold.

“First,” the Unknown Soldier crazyly screams and goes to the enemy, lifting the stick.

But the partisans can’t stand up behind him. They already see the clear eyes of the emerging pioneers and read in them their final death.

The Unknown Soldier, without accelerating the step.

The fields of fire spread from his shoes over the snow fields, striking into a series of pioneers and sowing a burning death. Some pioneers with thin screams fall into snow, turning into blue ashes. The hands of the pioneers swallow with salute and the blue lightning connects the field with the invisible sky. An unknown soldier falls, spread by electricity by half, and from his body the snow is evaporated, which has become a rain in the lighting of the lightning rings. The pioneers again swallow their hands, and the second lightning strikes into the Soldier, killing thousands of prisoners The soldier rises and falls again several times until the last blow burns his destroyed body, which remains forever in the field surrounded by eternal fire.

The partisans silently look at the discourse. Restrukturing on the way to fill the fire-formed brushes in their rows, the dead pioneers pass through the Soldier. Natasha can already distinguish their faces, she recognizes Tania, once thrown into her head a spoon, and her finger presses a bag. The shot covers for a moment the bubble piece, and, awakening from the forgiven spoon, the partisans open the shot. Dispersed by the bullets, a few pioneers fall into the snow. The thin hands again sharply give the salute, and the flashes with the horror They beat the frozen land. Crossing with the drawing hands of the cut, Natasha sees the body of the Lessia burning in the snow, and the blood, slowly swallowing the snow, runs around it with a dark spot. The head of the Lessia is opened like a half-sized dungeon. The front of the grenades, thrown by the Ospoy. Two pioneers, a boy and a girl, fly out into the metal and fall with their heads into the ground, broken neck. Near the dungeon remains another broken hand of the boy, whom the whole body was thrown below the stomach, from it. Natasha is targeted to the face of Tani, but from the bitter foam she is dark in her eyes, and she falls with her mouth on the stool of the cutting, throwing her hair into the bloody snow.

With the same blow, Ospa shrinks back, breaking the arm with the automat from the back and she with a stretch strikes back on a hard ground. Ospa's clothes are full of blood. Time goes for her slowly, the snow is hanging in the air, not able to fall down on the face. By turning her head, she looks at her broken hand, painting the sharp snow, and further, on the pieces of the great body of the commander, thrown in a radius of several meters over the blood circle, and further, on the broken body of the one-headed Cross with a broken throat, frozen In the body of Natasha, which is shaking in a dream, and in the body of Natasha, which is shaking in a dream, and in the body of Natasha, which is shaking in a dream, and in the body of Natasha, which is shaking in a dream, and in the body of Natasha, which is shaking in a dream, and in the body of Natasha, which is shaking in a dream, and in the body of Natasha, which is shaking in a dream, and in the body of Natasha, which is shaking in a dream, and in the body of Natasha, which is shaking in a dream, and in the body of Natasha, which is shaking in a dream. and the strike strikes the throat forever.

Natasha opens her eyes. Snow moves endlessly, like a plumber of white moisturized motilks who rush to leave a descendants for a short time of their life. Sonya sits on her knees next to her. They are at the bottom of silence. Natasha feels that the end is near. The silent look of death stops on her. She begins to hear the only sound: the flow of blood in the depths of the sky.

- How can it be? - she quietly asks Sonya. - Because life is no longer anywhere.

“You don’t know about life,” Sonya replied. – Well, sing, she’s putting a pencil on Natasha’s mouth. – Take your blood back.

I don’t want to go. – Natasha screams. – I’m tired of walking.

-Pey, - said Sonya gently. - I love you.

Natasha cautiously sweats the girl's neck. Fire blood burns her mouth, she stands out of pain.

“Pey,” Sonya patiently repeats, thickerly pushing her hand to Natasha’s mouth.

Natasha makes two absorbing throat, and Sonya takes the hand.

“I hear the song of the sun,” says Natasha, and a bright smile hits her face. – I don’t see him, but I hear it sing.

“It’s good,” Sonya replies, covering the wound with a piece of snow. – So, death is over.

- How can I be alive? - Natasha doesn't believe. - I'm a bit of a post-death escape.

“It’s going to pass,” says Sonya. – You feel your blood becomes red again.

Natasha stretches her hands to the side, putting them in the cold snow. The huge space no longer seems to her stranger if there is Sonia who loves her. Natasha breathes the space into herself, filling herself with the cold of eternal love.

“I have to go,” says Sonya. – Now the attack begins.

“I am with you,” says Natasha.

“No, you’ll go there,” Sonya shows the hand to the side where the partisans came from. – The seeds of evil have long grown. – Find them and help me. – If I’m alive, she adds sadly.

– If you’re alive? – Natasha repeats with fear.

“Without Lenin, we will all die,” says Sonya. – Without Lenin, everything will die.

Sonia stands up and goes toward Black Moscow. Far begins to beat a pioneer bubble. Stepping through snow fields, Natasha looks at and sees the chains of dead pioneers approach the walls of the city. “Call up with the castles, blue nights!” – sing the upcoming pioneers. Black doors, on which the scratch is grabbed, are dissolved, and from them silently black chequists come out. They don’t have human faces, like soft-made dolls. They raise the wheels and shoot with dry fever, not a goal. And every silver doors, on which the scratch is grabbed. The bullet falls directly into the heart. The pioneers fall, from their white shirts the blood is scattered by snow, their bodies begin to burn, turning into short-lived bright spots. In the blue flashes, all the new rows of chequists come out of the failure of the door. Natasha, without looking further, runs forward. The land that runs from the grass is scattered before it without end and end, as if the forgiven Galileo deceived mankind.

She runs, jumping through the frozen bulbs and the cry of fear, because she doesn't know what awaits her in the unpopular spaces of the fields. In front appears the road on which Sonina's jacket lies, next to her straight in the snow stand two-meter green stables with leaves and big buttons. The outbreak of the forces of Natasha approaches the plants, pressing the teeth to pain. They grow in her eyes, hardly noticeable but irreversibly expanding into the frozen space of the kingdom of death.

“There are four sunrise,” says Natasha the bride from where the name emerged in her head. ”There are four sunrise, sweet flowers of evil.

Her hands themselves stretch to the closed buttons, staying through the cold infertility of the untouchable frost of magical micurine seeds. She already understands their new property, created not by nature, but by scientific magic, and her face illuminates the delicate joy of knowledge.

– Look! – screams Natasha, lifting her face to the empty sky. – Look what I have for you! – her hands break the thick walls of the buttons, turning the yellow-looking leaves.

One after another, Natasha opens the sunrise, looking into the already black, as if burned by hell fire seeds. And the rain begins. Far, at the walls of Black Moscow, Sonya, laughly laughs and stretches his hands to the leaving water from the sky. Over the field of battle is a huge rainbow clear. From the white desert of snow clouds passes the dusting light, it comes out trapped by the dark sunrise the sun.

The dead chequists with the war meet the advent of the artificial spring, trying to hide in the failure of the black walls. They burn, not yet able to fall, and the stumbling snow is covered by holes of burning ashes. They fall and ride on the ground, trying to burn the flame burning them from inside. And somewhere in the thin fields a young girl with a beautiful peasant face pleasantly develops the frogs of horrible flowers, filled with love for the senseless plant life, and screams the words to them in an ununderstood language, as the sun says.

Sleeping from the murdered silver bullet of the pioneer of the bubble, Tanya strikes the morning hole. On the dirty breasts of the bodies of the pioneers with the song enters Black Moscow. All streets are burned by the dying warriors of death, and Sonya is scared by their huge number. Their burning creates such a heat that thin waters are already flowing under the feet of the pioneers, gathering in the roofs. The face of the officer is dark and ground-colored. Sonya approaches the car and, removing two fingers from the dead glass, with a stretch breaks them around the asphalt. The body in the car is slowly covered with a flame, because Beria glasses no longer help him see the future and escape from the attentive sight of death.

The sun unbearablely shines in the slopes of the water. Known by the bubble, the pioneers go through the streets of Black Moscow, beyond the homeless houses whose windows are broken, and the walls are half broken and broken from time to time. The huge city surrounding them is dead, no one lives in it, and the houses are destroyed by themselves, suppressed by the impotence of their existence.

Sonny's star eyes see a black tape at the end of the long street, and her narrow nodes capture the stripes of terrible smell, flowing in front of a group of small winners. She understands that there is a new enemy gathering in front, even worse and more dangerous than the previous one. Sonny cries to stop her warriors and goes one in front of the wind, the unbearable odor.

Wait for me, says the voice of Natasha in her whiskey. Now my turn is to kill them. And Sonya obediently stops in the middle of the street to wait.

When Natasha squeezed the lights of the last sunshine, she slept in the black snow and began to look at the blue sky, calling the floating birds forever to the south. She wanted the second sun to come out, as bright as the first, because the sun is alone in the unlimited blue space, he has no Sonny, there is no small clear-looking sister who could love him. And let two sunshines burn all the living, Natasha thought, it doesn't matter, let the boiling heat collapse on the ground, let everything die, so Nature is not life at all.

And the earth, which was the frozen river, broke up with fever near it, and the pieces of it flooded with a thinning field, and the fresh spring air swallowed into the released water, and the devil of the river came out of the water, leading under the wings of a black dead horse, and his head was overwhelmed by a gun, but the wound was healed over time.

“You’ve broken the ice of the eternal winter, beautiful girl,” the river devil said, “You’ve returned the fish to the world of light, you’ve released me from the forgiveness of death.

Natasha stood up with her legs into the dirt and took the rubber from her green hand. The Malachit eyes of the river devil glowed with a new youth, and the cracks scaled like a joyful smile.

I’m not going to keep her on the bottom of the river now. jump the beautiful girl, carry the death. jump and kill, so that your hand will not weaken to rub and cut. rub and cut.

Natasha put the shoe in the stream and raised up on the back of the horse, which sickly caught under it and runned forward. Sabla seemed to rise to her arms, and Natasha felt the enormous power of death rising in her chest. She looked at the place where the river devil stood, but he was no longer there. And then she remembered where she saw this tricked, shy face. The horse carried her through the thin fields, the smell of the eternal spring wind was in her eyes. Love and hatred merged into one enormous tortuous feeling, the fire of the unhuman. No one could stop it because in her hand was the second terrible talisman, the hero of the Civil War of the Red Knight Chapayev.

When the dead sailors with a terrible river run into the steak, Sonya throws fire into them. His blow breaks two powerful bull bodies into malware pieces. Sonya throws and throws fire again, but the sailors are too many, and she doesn't stop their black wave. Again begins to beat a bubble, and from the cloudless sky the blue flashes throw, as if all the heavenly firmness consists of a flat electric condensator, which covers deadly energy in its hands. Sonya throws back, and the sailors throw into a series of pioneers, propagating Killing the child's bodies and breaking the head's examples. Killing, the sailors beastly revolt, and their shoes shoot the bodies of the pioneers who fell on the asphalt, pressing and packing their ground dirt. Their leader, the massive sailors-partisan Iron Man, runs to the bubble and turns into her face, like a villa, a long stick, breaking Tane's neck and rushing the throat. The girl falls on the back, and the puzzles collapse several times into the asphalt before her hands are frozen. Moving further, the sailors come on the animal, Tane's long stick. One of the pioneers throws the Iron Man in the back and binds his hands into the back. The seafood’s face captures the crash from the powerful strings of the current that throw out of the boy’s hands, but he still throws an example through the shoulder, and Alexey falls back with a broken neck, throwing his hands. Unfolding, the seafood throws him into the stomach a stick like a balloon, throwing his hands into the swallowed leg and lifting Alexey’s throwing body into the air to throw to the end of the street. He, and the sable of Chapayev, with a swist, carries the great head of the marine with the hairy eyes on the turning face, and the giant body falls on the way, hit it by the fountain of smelled blood.

Natasha robbits down, cutting the second marine to the highest, cutting the third first hand, then the head and throw the horse forward to break the chest of the fourth, which holds the hand behind the wounded stream of the neck. One of the marines beat the horse with a stick to the side, leaving coal blood, the wardrobe turns out and destroys his head, like an arbus, to the most keys, cutting the face standing next to a white-briss pioneer with a smellful brain. Natasha runs from the top, staying in the strings, up to the pain in the back putting the weight of his body in a blow, and on the side, carrying the sable behind the back and suddenly turning the body toward the enemy. She screams like a bird, cutting the bones and muscles of powerful male bodies to release the current bulking blood flows.

A group of sailors gather in front of her in a short line, putting forward the stick, but Sonya's thrown fire crashes in order, breaking it in the middle, and the crushing strikes of the sables ultimately break the enemy's resistance. The sailors run, and Natasha takes them, killing each victim with one accurate and strong strike of the sable. She's jumping through the streets of the dead city, wild crying, and the echo of the empty windows captures her cry. She kills until it becomes someone to kill, and then only the slaughter rush returns to the place of battle. Sonya sits on the ground with the body of Tani, immersing his hands into the flows of thin waters.

“Return back,” Sonya tells a few survived pioneers. – You can’t go further.

Pioneers silently and sadly look at the bodies of their fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow fellow.

“You’ve won,” says Sonya. – Your faith was stronger. no one stands on my way anymore.

She runs up and goes to the nearby Natasha, obscured by the oreol of bright sunshine. On the Sonny shells, a clean thin water is drawn. She welcomes Natasha's return with a scream, and her girlfriend responds to her, leaving her long cracks in the warm spring light.

On the swinging street lies the black bodies of the narrowed Natasha sailors, from which the water washes the doughly-like blood. Mimo Sonny carries a slowly rotating on the surface of the water marine frog with short stripes. Around the Natasha horse flow forms swelling and waterworms. Looking back, Sonya sees the leaving pioneers and reflections on the water of blind destroyed houses. Sonya with sadness remembers Tanja and Alexey, continuing the way, and thoughtfully greeting with them in silence, interrupted by the flow of the flow. She takes the hand for the struggle and leads Natasha to the Black Kremlin.

Between the houses are visible the towers of the Kremlin, wrapped with black hot stars. They burn over the walls, at unaccessible height, where the wind brings white clouds. Sonya stops, affected by the magnificent spectacle of magical tranquillity hanging in the lazer space above the capital of death. And the earth is irritating under her legs. The sensitive skin of the gods' legs Sonya without a mistake determines that the blow spreads to the right and turns the face there, slightly leaving his head back to look out of the covering view of Natasha. She sees a full-fledged figure stumbling with her head into the sky, Stone Lenin.

He frightened, lifting up to the nearby heavens a harsh granite face, and the walls of the buildings that were wrapped away from his river with a fury. He made another step, breaking the five-storey house standing on the way, so that the dust lifts him up to the belt. Natasha throws Sonya on a horse.

Natasha launches the horse with a galope, rotates straight to the Kremlin gate. The stone giant goes to them with huge steps, without crossing the crush by the knees of the house. On the way he throws out of the ground a concrete fountain column and throws it into a crossing, like a bit. Turning several times in the air, the column flows through the Kremlin wall and with fever flows into the huge edges.

Following him on the Black Square, Natasha flies out, and the coppets strike on the marble plates to the Mausoleum. In the black columns, she brakes the horse and seats the Sonya, who runs further by herself and crashes into the monolithic stone wall, which absorbs it like eternal darkness. Sonya is found in a small, lighted dust electric lamp room, and in the middle of the room stands a tomb with a glass cover, and in the tomb lies Lenin.

His eyes are closed, the chest is not lifted by breath. His face is covered with a newspaper yellow. He is dressed in a black costume and a white shirt, his hands are placed on the chest.

Lenin is dead, speaks in Sonya's head a stunning voice of a stone monster.

You swallow, breathing out of running, says Sonya, and by a touch of the hand breaks the cover of the tomb. The scraps fall on the floor. From the cutting in Sonina's hand flow blood. With a terrible horror, the Kremlin walls break down, broken by the granite foot of the monster.

“Please, Lenin,” Sonya asks.

He is dead, he repeats a graceful grief of the great. you believed the fairy tale. Lenin has long been dead. why you broke the tomb. you will now also die. you will die forever. you will never see the sun again. you will die forever.

You cry, you cry, you cry, you cry, you cry.

But she understands that he doesn’t turn. The huge Lenin of black granite is really alive. Decades of human worship gave life to the big. And this small human body lies in the tomb in front of Sonya, only the dry body of a long dead sick old man.

Lenin has long been dead.Why you broke the tomb.Why you broke the peace.Now you will die.Rew becomes unbearable for human hearing.Sony presses his hands to his ears.

Go out, otherwise I will break the mausoleum.

Sunny tires tears, she doesn't want the big to see how she's crying. Before she goes out to the square, she tends to the breathless face of Lenin and kisses him for a farewell in the smelling hospital chemistry forehead. And then Lenin opens his eyes.

“Wake up, girl,” he immediately said fun, as if Sonya didn’t wake up him, but just met him in the corridor in front of his work office.

Lenin rises from the tomb and cuts the pijama from dust and glass pieces.

- And where is this I? - Lenin gently stretches the pijama, takes his hands for his lickens and laughs loudly. - It's good, it's enough to go into the pijama, and you'll go through the whole world's evolution!

The wall of the Mausoleum is crushed by a terrible stone blow. It is scattered, the slopes of the layer plots are scattered from the break to the floor of the room. Through the black dust you can see a huge scaled face of the monster, thinly resembling the face of a man standing in front of the Sonya. The head is inclined forward, cutting the granite fingers, and along with the hell volcanic river, the fire heat is thrown out of its pasture.

- What is it? - Ilic smiles infectiously. - This titanium is guanitic in the cap, is it what? - Ha-ha-ha! - his face suddenly becomes serious. - It's not suitable. - Lenin is firmly swallowing his hand, and a terrible firewind flows to the Kremlin, covers a large stone body, and dissolves it, throwing out of the monster black dust winds, as if it's made of ordinary coal sand. The fire of the foam.

“Everyone, it is unavoidable,” Lenin joyfully notices, looking at the hot, like a cloud, the giant and put his hand on Sonny’s shoulder. – And you, boys and girls, make the house out of these accumulated gas valleys.

